}title}company}link}salary}location}desc}rating_value}rating_count
0}Software Engineer}BP}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Dkf5M1tuNxFnHqfaR82S40qTE41Js2lBkfbKe6rnLaJXvIIhjJ9oLeio8YmPYyzBj-aDNumUaZyYfGRs_UP7Vy_tRL68jomQNSL9Jj01PB19b7bG3Au3Mr70WO4f2bDrZVrNM63zj90cewJuCk4cVy9IoEwh-FBk2KZ1FrvDrBSy47hKC1DZp03h_GvdQqvZMLwLhZiZAlguYlU9jMe53XeBUjxTNTBRliyS5aVodIt1e1q3ZbNROOh9YiIAdCasviM742fbhnKRugzUnpIlqXFcO6HVUFIKs0jki5cEo1VfbQ93_j8VgGDF-xMM3KiCW457ct6CY0w2ZPPFrS6AVJHMctHnCDCvGVZZ6mKFrA7Xx4VkWTKYKjtOpXg1BR5DZI2p6EcSUlmtUTC5K_lz7yarUlHPFPEMGoE9wDU_VvXl2RU2irFLwdDHs7OVHBSB4Z7vKBDvzT7cEr8t4L_EhY6mDrEIXfgxeXnuOBdtcGg2In_5xBm-euQti5Nqpw-FBTVh-Hv5RGClorTjoT-IJp&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""87232313-1bb8-44c2-9d4f-48b9ec4bfc5e"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60695 60695
(Loop area)
+1 location"}"Job Advert
Are you looking for a career in tech that truly helps make the world a better place? bp is moving through the biggest transition in its 100+ year history with the goal of becoming one of the world’s largest renewable energy providers and achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050. To make this transition, we are hiring software engineers to power our business end to end, from building new infrastructure and services through to customer facing web and native mobile applications. We build exclusively on the cloud using Azure and AWS so we can adapt quickly, demonstrate the latest technology, and scale our business globally. We are hiring builders that are comfortable defining their own direction, who can move fast and tackle complex challenges.
Background
bp’s Innovation & Engineering (I&E) organization is the central organization for all software development. We build all the technology that powers bp’s businesses, from upstream energy production to downstream delivery of energy to our customers. We have a variety of teams depending on your areas of interest, including infrastructure and backend services through to customer-facing web and native applications. We encourage our teams to adapt quickly by using native AWS and Azure services, including serverless, and enable them to pick the best technology for a given problem.
What you will do for us...
Design sophisticated software components, services, and applications. You’ll write design documents and review them with your software engineering and architecture peers, incorporating and quickly iterating on the feedback.
Lead the delivery of your projects to production. You’ll follow best practices including writing high quality code, developing unit, functional, and performance tests, and creating end-to-end deployment pipelines to production to maintain a fast velocity.
Integrate your software with other distributed systems and shared APIs across bp. You’ll work closely with partner teams to help evolve their systems to make all of our services more re-usable and resilient.
Hire and develop others by mentoring junior software engineers and peers, and proactively sharing your expertise and interests with others.
Partner closely with multi-functional teams including product management, data science, and UX design.
Qualifications
Experience designing and building complex software systems end-to-end which have been optimally delivered to production. You’ll have supported these production systems through on-call rotations.
Expertise in at least one language (C/C++, Java, C#, Python) including object-oriented design. You should be proficient in data structures, algorithms, runtime complexity, API and database design, as well as unit and functional test methodologies.
Experience in system design of both new and existing systems. You should understand security and privacy best practices as well as how to properly monitor, log, and alarm for production systems.
Strong communication skills and ability to communicate with your peers through to senior leaders. You should be able to engage and influence others to collect requirements, describe what you’re doing, and work through problems and find solutions.

Candidates should be located at or near a bp office or be commutable up to 50 miles.
Why join us
At bp, we support our people to learn and grow in a diverse and challenging environment. We believe that our team is strengthened by diversity. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment in which everyone is respected and treated fairly.
There are many aspects of our employees’ lives that are meaningful, so we offer benefits to enable your work to fit with your life to include flexible working options, a generous paid parental leave policy, excellent retirement benefits, among others!

Entity
Innovation & Engineering
Job Family Group
IT&S Group
Relocation available
Negotiable
Travel required
Negligible travel
Country
United States of America
About BP
INNOVATION & ENGINEERING

Join us in creating, growing, and delivering innovation at pace, enabling us to thrive while transitioning to a net zero world. All without compromising our operational risk management.

Working with us, you can do this by:

deploying our integrated capability and standards in service of our net zero and safety ambitions
driving our digital transformation and pioneering new business models
collaborating to deliver competitive customer-focused energy solutions
originating, scaling and commercialising innovative ideas, and creating ground-breaking new businesses from them
protecting us by assuring management of our greatest physical and digital risks

Because together we are:

Originators, builders, guardians and disruptors
Engineers, technologists, scientists and entrepreneurs
Empathetic, curious, creative and inclusive
Legal disclaimer
If you are selected for a position in the United States, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post-offer/pre-placement drug test(and alcohol screening/medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process. The drug screen requires a hair test for which BP must be able to obtain a sufficient hair sample for analysis (~4 cm/1 ½” scalp, or > 2 cm/¾” body – arms & armpits/legs/chest)

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, BP is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us or have one of your representatives contact us at PeopleCareHouston@bp.com; or by telephone at 833 478 7480 8am-5pm CST/CDT Monday-Friday.

Read the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the poster supplement - for more information about Equal Employment Opportunities. (Spanish version)

BP is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. View our policy statement"}3.8}4267
1}Product Analyst}Numerator}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AwhvtDhhMuSGvOgpEtJTRru83A1sJLDjPPZCOp3agw_UPR1rdTPXQoWZSThbf7J2WdA3xXrcGflaM7q7vVezy9OwnsFr4linUdcVREYN8dEG3KL2uQ9KjD9YrtSj0KxF7pu_3ShPKyJBToE9Ykjwm1s8rqhdaOHrvK_fovT_oF7S7feemVcOVRgm8DFZ-juWrYflGPe4o3-5O0ihlJL1mAB7D2jrTQyIePS6WQWluxFTi4O4sq9gtgct5V8UesvKzc6s0ljbUbXSyYANuyogDn0mTziCE39wXrQoE1md2t_lHDFEmlFZouajUl8LgpcJwyGOEIN-kTWmovnT3BR5a0dTL3rf4f3RC9CkfkkZyZT4-vT37qwOtoxUnX5WlxUQQgKAcRkKT_HPq51FkjLPy3nbLJOzFQwQtk1PP8uHI4ruHDuqj4nCANp0kC8klruy1JUxBaAfOJ_cWcLNjO9T--uHc843AQStRiPo63U5HzPuKoXjyAge1Cwrj2NdbhxDTbvi2DbG2QNNCaifA-avGqvacdod3dH1pxHU61cPrTNt_5t6GPvo04ZlaS2ZGN0iSRP5al1-fVd6KbCLwbuPPJc1VSLRmWQspDgJGg82B_1pVdhxxhzVDI5MBIJZ8mnEkBn4kuxMjtgVnkzrOi61zVTMofDN9bnMUXzg6-zNNDeAVP0y1Y0RdhriZJ7DHay_e6fCpu8jFaE0e6Mk_VjPWgHun7WUdWLGMdTvGgzl9nmi_J5iT-U6tI&p=1&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""ca2a5111-a042-4e4b-8dd6-b28f44c65ba4"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL}"Numerator is a data and tech company bringing speed and scale to market research. Headquartered in Chicago, IL, Numerator has more than 2,000 employees worldwide. The company blends proprietary data with advanced technology to create unique insights for the market research industry that has been slow to change. The majority of Fortune 100 companies are Numerator clients.
Here at Numerator, we've made all corporate roles have maximum flexibility between office and remote work, except for rare situations when the role requires coming into an office regularly. In those situations, the recruiter of that role will clarify at the beginning of the process if that is the case. In fully remote situations, the company will provide technical equipment necessary to be successful in the role. In addition to maximum flexibility of return-to-office, the company also provides generous PTO, Internally Quiet Focus Time, and other recharge efforts to give time back to employees.
Job Description
Numerator is a data and tech company bringing speed and scale to market research. Headquartered in Chicago, IL, Numerator has more than 2,000 employees worldwide. The company blends proprietary data with advanced technology to create unique insights for the market research industry that has been slow to change. The majority of Fortune 100 companies are Numerator clients.
Here at Numerator, we've made all corporate roles have maximum flexibility between office and remote work, except for rare situations when the role requires coming into an office regularly. In those situations, the recruiter of that role will clarify at the beginning of the process if that is the case. In fully remote situations, the company will provide technical equipment necessary to be successful in the role. In addition to maximum flexibility of return-to-office, the company also provides generous PTO, Internally Quiet Focus Time, and other recharge efforts to give time back to employees.
Job Description
Numerator is looking for a Product Analyst to join our Data as a Service (DaaS) team. As part of our DaaS team, you will be a vital member ensuring on-going excellence in delivery of our data feed solutions. You will be responsible for the technical delivery of our data feeds product to a myriad of clients and strategic partnerships, as well as work on on-going improvements and extensions to this capability. This is an opportunity to collaborate with a cross-functional team in one of our fastest growing business areas.

Skills & Requirements
What we are looking for
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related fields
Intermediate to advanced experience with SQL
Experience with ETL tooling (particularly Airflow)
Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and comfort with shifting environments
Strong database skills
Experience with version control systems (Git, etc.)
An eagerness to learn new things, and improve upon existing skills, abilities, and practices.
Nice to have
Prior experience with Snowflake Data Warehouse
Knowledge of engineering best practices and coding standards
Airflow - Experience building and monitoring DAGs, developing custom operators and using script templating solutions
Scripting experience with Python
CPG and/or retail industry knowledge
If this sounds like something you would like to be part of, we'd love for you to apply! Don't worry if you think that you don't meet all the qualifications here. The tools, technology and methodologies we use are constantly changing and we value talent and interest over specific experience.

While this position can be remote, Numerator is only able to hire in many, but not all, states and provinces. In certain cases, if you are not located in a specific area where Numerator is able to hire, you may not be eligible for employment.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law."}3.6}123
2}FULLY REMOTE - Data Engineer - Python}CyberCoders}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CpFJQzrgRR8WqXWK1qKKEqALWJw739KlKqr2H-MSI4eoBlI4EFrmor2FYZMP3muM1xne2N2k6xlhTWtrAZkJxmX4rkq2BsVkd5S3ziH3njTlbj5U2YMY2FwusWhI5STeacCryrNWuszvCoUoiB2Fhwub45Zs6XVW506KjYYmdFdyI8_hrQRdbD62SCDFD5dMgG9a_GPEhUrnpte1vNeaCCkW1eguBllhgsXvc84UunoJgFlojaHEk8iVdUiEEVTDIGp_iWSRwjZFmVdXo_OL6m3jE7lM30o-hRs2L2dxYYOTUeDJUPM57tOSTE-66iHYdaxW84mdIW3z3qDFPzekjN-HvFweSH9SHfqIq6zt0i1vSzZ5jBCGKfy3IdBhDv4KtXiSOnkZO0u8BZPufXz-Zf-kLkH3DSXop1z7wdqUswSiB6jtcrZSGnIthRZVERaI3y2aAwup5xuKphPwruOzBP5UFFIAyvuFak5F2yLqsYLzEfr7J_gU0886FL3CMVrTts47aIYHKCRWJAMW4XZsiUbsL0LQwZ46Zk4ZqOv3Jjj4E9jTi4DaLoDjzmg2h5O1xWAB6U_ephTlZSkncAKWfpxxJEBtQEaobVn-yRssRKzGY9d7P28RgNvCx25_bM0WRSA1DoD-MCrcDU3ztqn60_TtD8sWbyjKpClNATDZi_kWl-5r8HZGTrqDCqaSF4n6zpQf73bzq0HR-mudiZh7__4Ms6FfLuyu5E3bJzHxK1mmuubL-nU0bSSZkKxgGRha6HvR_FuLH_f-h7NVEg26FgUFHkqspg97erJ30Oi4oDQ3UrGJOzT2sBHD2_8uH7XF9xkL2PzhrnECyTS2T-BSGH-h6BClar0qJEONC7MwBvCTh2Smnib27gvmE3CgCI71EC0ZEU5-QtBmw7039YrPrWrouW6tAPRnWAVvAI4CY3XjNzpxguZdihD8LwK5MM0YlRa_fiRmwMYJGGvItkXc2B1YJ6bQAbsvd72OxtSA4NPsw3hRtuhrGojjtJ-l5HthgbtviW7kE3eSX5Z8so0rDCBKiMHtzwatkfi2kkHpVCJ2JkWKTiEvxXSy0LThvCCkY1lJc3snlLr2vmVgI3Uej-pC2u1DKa85jgtQx-oReFRSa-QNy0WywX&p=2&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""4bbfe836-6e77-4d1d-8da4-065b1756a436"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL 60604 60604}"FULLY REMOTE - Data Engineer - Python
If you are a FULLY REMOTE - Data Engineer - Python with experience, please read on!
What You Need for this Position
Data Analytics
Python
Azure
NoSQL
Tableu
What's In It for You
Salary: $130,000-160,000(DOE)
401k
Health, Dental, Vision
Generous vacation policy
So, if you are a FULLY REMOTE - Data Engineer - Python with experience, please apply today!
Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Justin Sandy
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire."}3.6}54
3}Oil & Products Analyst}BP}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Dkf5M1tuNxFnHqfaR82S40qTE41Js2lBkfbKe6rnLaJXvIIhjJ9oLeio8YmPYyzBj-aDNumUaZySPjdPlk6AtzvwpRV_gQBJSZZoPCo_yx24VThJRORDfps_sS9dH6DH-NT_KQkMy82Tnq6LOUoiW0IepTs8BViZ_EY7hT9tIF1yOHuqpaEeXLym2F4W_q_z6qrZvH2ZIsP9CFEDqeNzT1PgrpYhBSHGZjWS9xz_VVqlJgJ6DGBm1pSZ0C3PVzseiy2hdeAX91wRQ_VjiitaU8YHM742clwqqlDzJmphhOurJxvoj9vqIxfTA5oQIKeMhq1dqwd0k5KQz6r4i5o1qVF2tnEarZCjsBwxcVW3R9-ZM_ZK6BrXXrDTtcbMseNLlZZIh4MOm-B3GTadoWx7QlesgmsU4jJ4yMJBrreJWmaMNlt-tLJHUOlk4sx1WjhwH4A7734ULhfquzSc8KRa68c36_7JoKNlhHDfPUKYXEXxrNp8VrSki336Cmqm4wuGCtTFXco1n4EY2r9g4Omvx5&p=3&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""d97b13fb-ef05-4464-9631-adcd94e7d121"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60695 60695
(Loop area)"}"Job Profile Summary
Located in each of BP’s main trading locations, Oil & Products Analysts (Fundamentals Modelling & Infrastructure Analysts) work with traders and market strategists to provide focused analytical expertise to deliver high-quality, robust modelling and tooling to support commercial decision making. Working in in self-empowered, cross-discipline teams, Oil & Products Analysts will use their experience of traded markets, modelling best practices, and econometrics to drive forward analytical efficiency.
Job Advert
Key Accountabilities
Identify and prioritize fundamental and quantitative analysis/modelling that provide commercial insight for trading, present results to the necessary stakeholders and influence commercial decisions
Develop and implement fundamental balances, pricing models and other tools to surface commercial opportunities, harnessing best practices techniques and utilizing advanced econometrics and/or machine learning
Engage with stakeholders (traders and analysts) to ensure that solutions/models are optimal and deliver the best commercial insight possible
Identify processes and modelling components that could benefit from standardization across local teams and regions
Develop effective partnerships with trading and origination stakeholders and market strategists to leverage information flow that comes from participation in physical and derivative markets. Embed this within infrastructure and models.
Actively promote the sharing of knowledge, data, ideas and insights.
Education and Experience
Undergraduate degree in finance, engineering, computer science, or equivalent experience
Track record of working with traders or other stakeholders to create commercially actionable models
Experience using coding to develop models/tools
Experience with modelling techniques including econometric modelling, time series analysis, forecast modelling, machine learning.
Excellent problem-solving ability
Attention to detail
Independent thinker; creative in finding alternative solutions
Shows a desire to continually improve and innovate in analytical approaches/methodologies
Enthusiasm for working in collaborative teams
Desired Criteria
Python & SQL experience
Understanding of data engineering (designing and building robust data pipelines)
Experience in working in an Agile squad
Experience with visualization tools; PowerBI and Plotly Dash preferred
Dataiku experience
Considering Joining bp?
At bp, we support our people to learn and grow in a diverse and challenging environment. We believe that our team is strengthened by diversity. Bp is committed to fostering an inclusive environment in which everyone is respected and treated fairly.
There are many aspects of our employees’ lives that are meaningful, so we offer benefits to enable your work to fit with your life. These benefits can include flexible working options, a generous paid parental leave policy, excellent retirement benefits, among others!
Entity
Trading & Shipping
Job Family Group
Supply & Trading Group
Relocation available
Yes - Domestic (In country) only
Travel required
Yes - up to 10%
Time Type
Full time
Country
United States of America
About BP
TRADING & SHIPPING

Our purpose is to bring together people, energy and markets to power and navigate a changing world.

In a time of constant change and possibility we need new talent to pursue commercial opportunities, fuelled by world-class insight and expertise. We’re always striving for more innovative digital solutions, sustainable outcomes and closer collaboration across our company and beyond, and you could be part of that too. Together we continue to grow as the world’s leading energy trader.

Join us and help us achieve these goals by:

developing and continuously evolving a globally diversified portfolio that accesses new markets, commodities and commercial opportunities
collaborating with our business groups to provide innovative commercial and marine solutions that add value to bp’s assets and flows
delivering high-quality earnings and creating an organisation that is swift to identify and optimise market insights
navigating a new era of energy for our planet, by sea
acting with respect and integrity at all times, with the people we work with and the markets we operate in
maintaining a comprehensive, rigorous and holistic risk control framework that ensures we operate in a safe, compliant and efficient way at all times
empowering the deep expertise and leadership of our people
Legal disclaimer
If you are selected for a position in the United States, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post-offer/pre-placement drug test(and alcohol screening/medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process. The drug screen requires a hair test for which BP must be able to obtain a sufficient hair sample for analysis (~4 cm/1 ½” scalp, or > 2 cm/¾” body – arms & armpits/legs/chest)

As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, BP is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us or have one of your representatives contact us at BPUSApplicationAssis@bp.com; or by telephone at 833 478 7480 8am-5pm CST/CDT Monday-Friday.

Read the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the poster supplement - for more information about Equal Employment Opportunities. (Spanish version)

BP is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. View our policy statement"}3.8}4267
4}Technology Development Program Associate - 2022}Capital One}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C3j_zLGvpMLCdiZ0WC46XqVTA1VMZzOzKXPhAXwYlrNVlePwo6SZdWvjhGdhEkv3jpkc9SgKLf8fkTA0umo4A5dnvz4KJQk3BEEUe87JJHgdj1rtIv4Ob266avp3XcQe4Y7ZBCU51-9R2cesHy2hmI0PCtnxH77_B-yLrpPq9DoizOmAROLpxbOKgiIc9sbd-8AENfH__Hy9iCU_SCwpNuZ3X6vjfxV9uvdK8NFkZJTO33bermPBh4TISHY_SzXXiHySPVtt1pRuXU6X85UtIPyBzmRRoyXh5WR_DhzLflrZ5rqoCsmpub_UjiAOE15fpWJSOb_ew5Q5wJJ3RmZhwZUpj7Uy7OHFOGi7E64XMsCTeuGlbm6Pex7xtIgF7K1yI1YCNLzdKVmG1C1sMRputZXtqIDKGhbeK7b-4tAYYJ3FOhHLvwWrvi9iLsq5moeq1xdU70wqnKr5Mm0gs4wNEAaM258ZCPd44PKbpgoGyKf3gIvb_arFFjKNIbwILIVTz1z0p-nJmP6z5X8HSq6NKjtHMr3ibenrw=&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3}}"Chicago, IL 60695 60695
(Loop area)
+4 locations"}"Center 1 (19052), United States of America, McLean, Virginia
Technology Development Program Associate - 2022
At Capital One, we consider ourselves the bank a technology company would build. We’re delivering best-in-class innovation so that our 65 million customers - and counting - can manage their finances with ease. Our reality and vision empower our engineers to use artificial intelligence and machine learning to transform real-time data, software, and algorithms into financial clarity. That’s what sets us apart - and we want you to join our journey.
We’re all-in on the cloud and are a leader in the adoption of open source, RESTful APIs, microservices, and containers. We build our own products and release them with a speed and agility that allows us to get new customer experiences to market quickly. We’re going boldly where no bank has gone before. And, as a founder-led company, we’re inspired to make, break, do, and do good. So, let’s do something great together. Want to learn more? Check out the low-down on our high-tech - https://www.capitalone.com/tech
As a Software Engineer in the Technology Development Program, you may work on everything from customer-facing web and mobile applications using cutting-edge open source frameworks, to highly-available RESTful services, to back-end Java based systems using the hottest techniques in Big Data. Our engineers work in a “You Build It, You Own It"" full stack environment supporting an exciting and innovative tech stack composed of: Java, React, Angular, Vue JS, C#, REST APIs, NoSQL database, Kubernetes, Terraform, Jenkins, Docker, AWS cloud, Scala, Clojure, Java, Haskell, C++, golang, Scheme, Common Lisp, and more! You'll have the freedom to explore different roles, teams and technologies while zeroing in on the career that's right for you. Designed as a career accelerator to foster the next generation of leading talent, the TDP provides you the framework to develop world-class technical skills and gain a comprehensive understanding of technology.
What to expect:
A challenging role where you will work collaboratively on agile teams with diverse and talented colleagues who are ready to take on new and unexpected challenges while building the next wave of engineering solutions
Current, state of the art technology and tools, including working with a cloud-native stack, building on AWS using technologies like Kubernetes and Serverless.
Technical mentorship and training through meetups, conferences, certifications and tech talks to build out your skillset on topics such iOS and Android, AWS, Open Source Big Data tools, Security, Voice Driven Applications and more
Exposure to Technology executives and a diverse network of skilled engineers
The opportunity to rotate roles and work with a variety of tools and technologies and to learn from different leaders throughout the Tech organization
Fun social and volunteer events with other new college hires
Incredible benefits like tuition reimbursement, 401K matching, discount associate stock purchase program and more
Life at Capital One
Our associates flourish in our open culture where diversity of ideas and collective wisdom prevail. We proudly bring together associates with different perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences to challenge the status quo. We’re focused on helping associates live well—physically, financially and emotionally. When you join us, we support you and those who are most important to you, offering full coverage for spouses, domestic partners, and dependents. We’ve designed our benefits program to be flexible, comprehensive and consistent across our organization. From health and fitness centers and discounts, to training and professional development programs—and much more—you’ll discover that Capital One is committed to helping you live your best life.
Continuous Learning:
We’re here to help you gain knowledge both on the job and in the classroom. Our engineers have access to continuous learning through our very own Tech College, a world-class learning hub that offers both online and in-person classes across 7 disciplines—Agile, Cloud Computing, Cyber Security, Data, Machine Learning & AI, Mobile and Software Engineering.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or higher obtained between December 2020 and August 2022
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or higher obtained between December 2020 and August 2022 in a technical or quantitative discipline, including computer science, computer engineering, information systems, information technology, and mathematics
Strong analytical, quantitative, problem solving and conceptual skills
Strong interpersonal, leadership and communication skills
Intermediate to advanced programming skills or experience in one or more of the following areas: Java, .net, asp.net, PHP, Python, Objective C, C#, C/C++, Perl, XML, JSON, UML, JavaScript, Visual Basic, Swift, Go, Kotlin, HTML, SQL, PL/SQL, Shell scripts

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC)."}3.9}9639
5}Data Reporting Analyst With Python Experience - Chicago, Il (Remote)}Apexon}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ba399a19fca658ae&fccid=784ed0ea1f56bb8a&vjs=3}}Remote in Chicago, IL 60606 60606}"Our client is looking Data Reporting Analyst with Python Experience in long term project in Chicago, IL. (Remote ). Below are the detailed requirements.
Job Title : Data Reporting Analyst with Python Experience
Location : Chicago, IL
Duration : 6+ Months
Qualification:
Bachelor's degree preferably in Computer Science, Information technology, Computer Engineering, or related IT discipline or equivalent experience with 8+ Minimum Experience.
Python programming skills
Object-oriented programming in Python
Experience performing unit testing
Developing automation and code that is scalable
Agile project experience
A nice to have is experience working with actuaries and actuarial software including PolySystems and Moody’s AXIS, but this is not required ."}}
6}Part-Time Student-Software/Data Engineering-Chicago IL}John Deere}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fa9a6e95da5fcb28&fccid=38eb72d608d80c79&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""79430d02-7148-4a0c-87e2-282f99980363"")>"}Chicago, IL}"At John Deere, we run so life can leap forward. This powerful purpose is our promise to humankind that we will dream, design and deliver breakthrough products that sustain our world for generations to come. The world is counting on us to feed billions of people and build vital infrastructures in villages, towns, and megacities. We live up to the legacy our founder forged in a one-room blacksmith's shop nearly two centuries ago by creating a culture that brings out the best in all of us. A culture where great ideas thrive because every voice is heard.

Primary Location: United States (US) - Illinois - Chicago
Function: Information Technology
Title: Part-Time Student-Software/Data Engineering-Chicago IL - 82398
Onsite/Remote: Onsite Position

The Part-Time Student Program is primarily designed to augment the Company’s regular full-time staff and is for students who work in parallel to their school schedule.
Your Responsibilities

As a Part-Time Student-Software/Data Engineering for John Deere's Enterprise Data Organization located in Chicago, Illinois, you will:

Software Engineering – You will be part of a team of students working for the Enterprise Data Organization to expand the Deere Data Factory. You will be part of a team to build our Customer 360 data product. In this role you will design, create and implement innovative solutions. You will have an opportunity to improve your DevOps and engineering skills while getting to work on Big Data analytics.
What Skills You Need

Ideally you will be pursuing a degree in Software Engineering, Data & Analytics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or Management Information Systems; others may apply
Must be registered as a full-time student at University Of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Graduation date of May 2023 or later
Cumulative GPA of 2.8 or above
Work 10-20 hours/week during the academic year
Extended hours available 35-40 hours/week during the summer semesters and school breaks
Exposure to one or more programming languages; Java/Scala, NodeJS, Python or scripting languages
Demonstrated ability to rapidly learn new technologies
Strong analytical, communication and intrapersonal skills
What Makes You Stand Out

Exposure to continuous integration and continuous deployment concepts
Exposure to TDD practices
Exposure to cloud concepts and AWS/Azure services

What You'll Get

At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.

The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.

An Equal Opportunity Employer, John Deere requires a diversity of people, perspectives and ideas to address the complex challenges of its global business. John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability."}4}3640
7}Analyst, Data Analytics}CMI Media Group}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=957447dabdf53c92&fccid=a95f2ad895ec0d7f&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""50e4f296-5eda-41a6-9681-9793afc0af7d"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60607 60607
(Near West Side area)"}"The Analyst is responsible for organizing the day-to-day operations of CMI Media Group and Compas list matching services and basic reporting of online and offline advertising campaigns for our clients, working directly with clients on data exchanges, managing pacing of digital campaigns and making optimization recommendations to internal and external stakeholders.

PRIMARY ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Coordinate day-to-day operations of list match services
QC data exchanges to and from CMI
Conduct regular campaign list matching
Troubleshoot all system, user and list related issues as they arise
Analyze planner list analysis target pivot table and export targeted buy file list for dissemination to partners
Coordinate cross-brand target matching to define overlap and codify it in systems for analysis by planning staff
Upload target buy file data against client supplied list as requested
Scrub target lists for removal of “opt-out” physicians as requested; capture and invoice all scrub activity
Maintain archiving system architecture for all data assets
Ensure compliance with confidentiality protocols as they relate to data transfers
Export target buy lists to meet client requests
Coordinate all ad hoc data requests (list match requests)
Assist in regular data asset and gap analysis internal audits
Capture data gaps and opportunities relating to service offerings
Maintain and build relationships with key customers and partners
Manage Datafeeds and data specs with both Supplier partner community and Client
Maintain all client and internal data spec for engagement data
Track inbound data and manage expectations of internal analytics team
Generate monthly campaign performance reports
Regularly monitor all live campaigns for proper serving, click through action and conversion events
With assistance, analyze reports and provide optimization recommendations to planning teams

REQUIREMENTS:
1-2 Years experience working with secondary data for marketing
SQL/Python Experience a plus
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in experience and education
Experience working with or servicing pharmaceutical and other life sciences companies preferred
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Access and PowerPoint
Strong analytical, mathematical skills
Keen attention to detail, organization, and strong follow up skills
Excellent teamwork skills
Self-Motivated
Willingness to learn and adapt to a changing environment"}}
8}Data Analyst}Darwill, Inc.}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DypsFCypmbktVAPctVJ0kAfYeY4YBFD0h2s1GcwVYke5mZ1WeUFSFIWFF4hzgJiw6NlSj3ep5xOOP1wEgsd26OOb4bOB3ouhM691nJ1LuGazkXMAEiMcVlGYaiXcVsoAoERN_pGLOjBarDcrNcSaYzA1lb1HcdCyVOiC6vd0cJA4EQ1fbbSu1831SNlX8GvMnK3njrWPZUot2m95jAOra2gUBZEqpA_NsaMQYZGDhp0l8J2nmT5WswAhtfMlUXepJdrxc5ePTSupmnIeeSNzfbx434S06uDygALLGOgjt730wwL3T2gTsmJC9TkkZ4ZeGzpRV5doTi9gQJLl3LMwcZcLRP3GCvNhZjpgds8ldlC3V_sO8-jy58Xyr6Rr2HhAvekGURO0HNsBxcNA7a-l5akUE8Lu7ICw0ef6j8gmFk5QTKGWklvjJqYZVjSuie3DXwe05QBiCB5IAYXaSnexuc0GB97et_1wERJIVu9mWLVYmeCNt3Rf-IdOjBLn_X59IzeNfUCUqd918uVFt19OXFjpGvf1jNNZ0Fj_JBQoDgV9EIVTlf33wxwsmtSYqzHWeYkltNW0v-4YkQey_HryQx&p=8&fvj=1&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""eccfbf9a-6be8-4419-add4-0fa73fc246a1"")>"}Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181 60181}"Overview: Darwill is a nationally recognized print and marketing communications firm based in the west suburbs of Chicago. As a premier provider of complex marketing products, including direct mail, employee communications and marketing collateral, we influence excellent results for CMO’s, Directors of Marketing and Print Production Professionals by providing ideas, workflow solutions, cutting edge production technologies and a seamless execution process. Our diverse product offering includes data acquisition, email appends, integrated marketing services, production workflows, custom print production, direct mail solutions, fulfillment and complete lettershop, bindery and mailing services.
Location: Oakbrook, IL
Responsibilities/Essential Functions:
Use proprietary Data Science tools to produce customer profiles, marketing counts, and other services to help internal teams execute complex marketing campaigns for our clients
Build predictive models and use them to select who will be marketed to in high-performance marketing campaigns
Monitor client requests, set expectations, and deliver on time
Define deliverables, gather requirements, and establish deadlines with internal teams
Adapt tools written in Python, SQL, and HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to fulfill client requests
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related field
Strong knowledge of Python and SQL
Knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, and CSS
Knowledge of predictive modeling and machine learning
Excellent communication skills
Strong attention to detail
Organized and responsible
Fluency in Microsoft Office suite
Work Environment/Physical Demands:
This job requires you to sit in a cubicle or office, on a computer (1 or more monitors) for the majority of the day.
May be required to work extended/evening hours as needed
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $55,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Application Question(s):
Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment? (e.g. H-1B visa status)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
knowledge of Python and SQL: 2 years (Preferred)
Work Location: One location"}}
9}Software Engineer - Python and K8s}Canonical - Jobs}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=758ad4bab8233b92&fccid=d40b824c7b625849&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""3155c51c-c8a6-4a71-8fa0-acd984b09e57"")>"}"Remote in Chicago, IL
+1 location"}"Our mission is to reinvent the way companies manage their open source information systems - on public clouds and in their own data centres. To achieve that we are building a new community around Python opscode for open source applications, running on Kubernetes. We want to move all of Canonical and Ubuntu IS onto this new, open source codebase.
We are confident that we can dramatically improve the experience of running complex business operations - and then we can help our customers embrace those new techniques and products. Traditionally, IS is an inward-facing operation. We would like to transform our IS team into an extension of the product engineering capability at Canonical. Our internal workloads are in many cases the same open source workloads that our customers want to operate. This team will productise those workloads for real-time automated operations on Kubernetes.
This role is ideal for software engineers who enjoy Python, have a passion for distributed systems, and an interest in the entire Linux stack - from kernel to networking to virtualization and containers. It is a role that requires rigour in both code and customer interactions. Our engineers are technically astute open source enthusiasts who are excited about cloud computing and are ready to join a global team charged with delivering world class services to our customers.
Strong Python development skills and familiarity with Kubernetes are key requirements of this role. You'll work closely with other teams in Canonical to ensure your products operate reliably, efficiently and scale to production sized workloads for our customers looking to adopt cutting-edge technology. You will participate and be responsible for ensuring sound software architecture and follow best practices in software quality, testing and documentation.
What you'll do
Work in Python to design and deliver open source software operations code
Work across the entire Linux stack, from kernel, networking, storage, to applications
Learn to think rigorously about application and infrastructure reliability
Shape high quality open source monitoring and alerting infrastructure
Simplify open source operations for our customers and open source community
Demonstrate sound engineering design and testing principles in your code
Follow agile software development practices
Coach and develop your colleagues where you have insights
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with company values
Work from home with global travel once or twice a year for up to 2 weeks for events
Who you are
You love technology and working with brilliant people
You have a Bachelor's or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You are experienced with Linux systems administration, package management, and operations
You have hands-on experience with at least one public cloud
You are familiar with Docker and Kubernetes
You are an excellent Python programmer and enjoy challenging projects
You understand the importance of reliable software and strive to design and code to that expectation
You are organized and want your team to deliver timely, high quality software
About Canonical
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, ""the world's best free software platform"". Our mission is to realise the potential of free software in the lives of individuals and organisations. Our services are helping individuals and businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.

#LI-Remote #Stack"}}
10}Python Software Engineer, Commercial Systems}Canonical - Jobs}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3be5a64fe3e3079a&fccid=d40b824c7b625849&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""01b91919-f401-4edf-8c7b-dd9930af9bc7"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL}"This engineering role is an opportunity for a technologist with a passion for Linux to build a career with Canonical and drive the success of those leveraging Ubuntu and open source products. If you have an affinity for open source development, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
The Commercial Systems unit has several areas of responsibility spread across five engineering teams that are closely collaborating with other engineering and business teams at Canonical. Services designed, developed, and operated by the Commercial Systems unit are deployed to millions of machines all over the world.
The first area of responsibility is centered around security. We develop and operate Ubuntu Advantage and Livepatch backend services that support the authentication, authorization, and delivery of Extended Security Maintenance (ESM) at scale to a wide range of devices spanning from individual systems to large enterprise fleets running in cloud environments.
On the distributed systems front, we develop an open source identity manager Candid and a Juju multi-controller manager JIMM (Juju Intelligent Model Manager) that enables organizations to centrally manage operations across a number of Juju controllers deployed to public, private, and hybrid clouds. The large majority of our systems is deployed to Kubernetes clusters.
The third major area is related to internal business operations. We develop and operate several data warehouses, including data ingestion pipelines, that are relied on by operations and data analytics teams. In addition to that, we help internal business units to automate processes across a number of software solutions and integrate with a number of SaaS solutions to ensure a smooth flow of data. Last but not least, we have a dedicated team of Salesforce engineers and administrators who take care our Salesforce implementation and integration.
We are looking for new colleagues with strong background in Go or Python, who have the drive and energy to deliver and operate solutions at scale with the highest engineering quality, continuously develop their skills, and work with us on defining the future of open source.
We expect you to have:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related engineering field.
Experience as a software developer in a high-level language - preferably Go or Python.
Experience building, deploying, and operating distributed systems and APIs.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.
Ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders, remain highly motivated, productive, and organized in a fully remote environment.
Ability to travel to international destinations for one week at a time, approximately 2-4 times per year. Locations prior to the global pandemic included New York, Seattle, London, Cape Town, Budapest, Berlin, Montreal, and Brussels.
We would appreciate:
Experience developing and deploying for Ubuntu Linux in public clouds.
Experience integrating authentication & authorization, financial, public cloud or marketplace systems.
Experience with Salesforce development/integration or APEX.
We offer:
Learning and Development opportunities and budget
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority pass for travel
Flexible working option
Canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the world's computing needs. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
#LI-Remote #stack"}}
11}Data Scientist}Happy Returns}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cae0e3683fcb989f&fccid=eae4866fa9ef0a95&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""74a7c78f-df8a-4652-b274-2e807dd52d15"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL 60606 60606}"Who we are:
At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives. We’re a purpose-driven company, and our beliefs are the foundation of how we conduct business every day. We’re guided by our core values of Inclusion, Innovation, Collaboration, and Wellness. Collectively, these values inspire us to work together as One Team with our customers at the center of everything we do, and to take care of ourselves, each other, and the communities in which we live and work. We challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. Join us as we enable the hopes, dreams, and ambitions of millions of people around the world.
Job Description Summary: We are hiring for a Data Scientist - someone who will help us unlock the value of our data and create decision guidance for our leaders. This role will support many departments across the company as well as upper-level management.
Job Description:
Happy Returns is growing at a rapid pace and is building a new team of Data Scientists. This team will lay the foundation for all things data related, supporting the growth of Happy Returns for years to come. Scientists will be expected to work alongside current engineers to ensure existing tables accommodate the future needs of the business. In addition, the team will also collect and organize other sources of data, building their own complimentary system of data tables. Collectively, the data structure which they create and operate will generates a unified set of data tables for reporting and planning. Via this data structure, the team will effectively share insights across many departments including Sales, Warehouse Operations, Automation and HR. Insights will span historical reporting, as well as, planning and forecasting into the future. Machine learning, automation, and predictive modeling will be key to providing both accurate and timely reporting.
As part of the team’s inception, those joining will be building from the ground-up. In turn, we are looking for driven individuals who have vision and experience to create on their own. The environment is fast paced, and productivity expectation is high. Those joining the team should be ambitious and ready to contribute to the fast growth of the company. You will have a chance to observe the impact of your work firsthand. More importantly, many departments across the company will be able to observe your impact firsthand. You will also have exposure to varying levels of management as all of the initial work will have high visibility.
So – if the idea of building something from the ground up, working independently on highly visible projects, and immediate impact appeals to you, we want to hear from you.
Minimum Qualifications:
Master’s or Bachelor of Science degree in a STEM discipline
4-5 years of experience in analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing insights into actionable solutions
4-5 years experience in creating data, forecast and machine learning models
Experience with databases, creating data tables and architecting data structure
Experience in managing data projects from inception to delivery, in an independent manner
Ability to solve complex problems and synthesizing insights into actionable solutions
Fluent in SQL, Python / R or any other scripting language
Advanced excel skills, including VBA experience.
Familiarity with visualization tools such as Looker or Tableau
Proven ability to effectively work amongst various groups while providing clarity
Excitement for working in a start-up environment with high level of ambiguity and change
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, to influence cross-functional teams
For more than 20 years, PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 400 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying, or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.
PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
As part of PayPal’s commitment to employees’ health and safety, we have established in-office Covid-19 protocols and requirements, based on expert guidance. Depending on location, this might include a Covid-19 vaccination requirement for any employee whose role requires them to work onsite. Employees may request reasonable accommodation based on a medical condition or religious belief that prevents them from being vaccinated."}2.4}17
12}Data Engineer}AArete}https://www.indeed.com/company/AArete/jobs/Data-Engineer-c4d8f1249b48e5cd?fccid=24deae60a689525a&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""1665b986-a39e-499f-8067-700301d932e9"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60601 60601
(Loop area)"}"Data Engineer
AArete* is one of a kind when it comes to consulting firm culture*.
Why AArete?* *We are a fast-growing strategy, operations and technology consulting firm – due to this the bar is set high at AArete. AArete is guided by our deeply embedded principles: Excellence, Passion, Loyalty to Clients, Stewardship, Family, Community, Sustainability, and Inclusion. We strive to continually improve our work environment to allow for high team member engagement and the ability for all team members to be successful.
*
*
AArete builds custom software and data analytics for Global 1000 clients in healthcare, transportation & logistics, retail, financial services, and other industries. We hire talented technologists who share our drive to extract insight from information.
A career at AArete provides variety, challenge, and opportunity for advancement. You’ll be entrusted with the success of our strategic clients and the company’s growth each and every day. We believe that any organization can succeed by enriching and empowering its people.
*
Exciting variety of clients and business challenges – from the largest firms in the world to the largest health plans in the country to colleges and universities
A collaborative culture focused on career and professional development, abundant opportunities with meaningful and impactful experiences.
Competitive Pay and Benefits – competitive salary, unlimited PTO, 401K match, Employee Stock Ownership Plan
At AArete we’re successfully embracing working in a flexible work environment. We have offices across the globe in Chicago, New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, Denver, DC, London and India. Based on preference, AAretians have the opportunity to work remotely, visit nearby offices or client locations.
AArete is proud to have earned a Great Place to Work Certification™. We are named in Vault’s Top 50 Firms to Work For, Crain's Chicago Business Fast 50 for a 3rd year, Inc 5000’s Fastest Growing Firms list for 4 consecutive years, Consulting Magazine's Fastest Growing Firms for the 4 consecutive years, and Forbes Magazine’s Best Consulting Firms in America list of 2021.
Work you’ll do
*
Responsible for discussing data extraction needs and ensuring that data extracted meets the needs of the application in order to process it
Responsible for validating that data ingested by connectors created by Java/Kafka Developers is ingested correctly and makes sense from a business perspective
Work with the account teams to ensure that after initial data is ingested, that data being displayed in the application appears appropriate and explores any anomalies that may exist
Design and document data pipelines/transformations required for each unique account connector
*
Requirements*
*
An ability to learn and understand data schema and how data is processed
An understanding of how data designs work well with product
An ability to interact with and understand data extraction pipelines, to suggest changes to meet product requirement needs
Jupyter Labs
Python
OpenAPI
JUnit
Pytest
JMeter
SQL
*
Nice to Have*
PySpark
ServiceNow
Experience with design and documentation of ETL pipelines
Job Type: Full-time"}5}2
13}Staff Site Reliability Engineer - Enterprise}Indeed}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CiRNM7CVr8YueLFKlzwbFWI0o7IjV438l4sVrvKZ0flpURU_mqoI8E-VxPfg2eTCHttmhKCfxB1FZQuGgLfeOQnbk8B1YruEry3nR5GkxT2ZIIYgjCFt_GOD2SxOhoaASh8joxci0llexUMKDo62m7H75n4bNJOS1l-WW2e5r4McFvrj489DpUsMcmuIg1EduEJYHFt7RZdKpDg0Y2cv7361YHE6hvc7NyT1a3yaqDhupkwHicxLwNROxK1ImKOiKkkA7V9PG89l9VW6Bo2gYNhbGbVWX3xHLzxzDFEFWNDnVQxRukjNrG4liADtiQfcqcrnUwByC9UybcWgZqP1wXiWTgYWlQnVAGwaY0zZTzjNYah4uohoiHb0O91pGZC3WCZx55dB7EFCTY0fMto-tN_BBwThYOG1w_4KD0QO73-te97-GmoZLQtWTcAEtydldni5CLd33qblqp3f1-itfOUNAYIQYOP0VcY0ZwM5NZBoXZtrIOEDmjnrnQ6pxnHRiTCbR8PdhjBiQ6QUcqSQHDp-92Jf4EV0w8VN8LEIEKOcLL0HyiYYajriOM_QBD_dHzw_Q2KlBJWpCrs6uYek8FEeIp5GcrM2PWH0JKu1xN1x3KPodZoX2ixaEZxz0QEWNpXQ5SW1Xu1K68KhJ4ph2B7bNL0h7WrNDQVO7mnfLo1w==&p=13&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""ff5be533-cdc9-4a34-9be3-c770f57c4211"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL}"Your Job
Site Reliability Engineers (SREs) at Indeed are embedded directly within our business-critical engineering teams, working closely with them to design, code, test, run, and evolve the systems that help people around the world get jobs. We work closely with software developers and system engineers to drive adoption of modern reliability practices like SLOs, error budget policies, actionable alerts, follow-the-sun on-call, incident retrospectives, chaos testing, and end-to-end ownership. You will also discover ample opportunities for growth in several areas: improved technology skills, effective leadership, dedicated mentorship, creative design, strong communication skills, teamwork, and more. Simply put, as an SRE, you will help Indeed build and operate fast and reliable systems that help people get jobs. Are you up for the challenge?
Who You Are
Requirements:
BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
Experience writing code in Java, Go, Shell, Perl, Python, or a similar language
Ability to debug, optimize code, and automate routine tasks
Strong interest in SRE topics like SLOs, resilience, scaling, performance, and more
We get excited about candidates who have:
Proficiency in Kubernetes, Datadog, PagerDuty, HAProxy, Kafka, Flink
Proficiency in algorithms, data structures, and software design and/or Linux, networking, application performance analysis
Experience designing, writing, and/or troubleshooting software and systems in a distributed, internet-scale Linux environment
Who we are
The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
Our Mission
As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help all people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers.

(*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
Salary Range Disclaimer
The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.
Salary Range Transparency
US Remote 143,000 - 207,000 USD per year
Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement
Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.

Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.

Fair Chance Hiring
We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals, a fair chance at employment.
Our Policies and Benefits
View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/

Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine."}4.3}938
14}Analyst, HR Data Analytics}Northern Trust Corp.}https://www.indeed.com/company/Northern-Trust-Corp./jobs/Analyst-a304f4ad921226e6?fccid=659d7ed1b53f4cd4&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""d1149b6b-2a45-4883-ae40-5b7cc58790b9"")>"}Chicago, IL}"At Northern Trust, data drives all of our decision-making, and HR is no exception. The HR People Analytics team pioneers Northern Trust’s approach to talent strategy and organizational growth. As a member of the team, you will play an important role in helping our HR team address the people-related data and analytical needs of internal clients across the globe.
Supporting the HR Analytics team as an Analyst is much more than simply crunching numbers – it’s about finding compelling insights within data and using your business and communication skills to translate those insights into action. Aside from spending time digging into big, complex data sets, you will help author transformational strategic planning, forecasting and analysis efforts using workforce data. You will use your critical thinking, problem solving and communication skills to influence and drive thoughtful, well-informed decision making with our most senior leaders across HR and the business.
Responsibilities:
Designs and prepares reports for statistical analysis
Creates and maintains interactive tools and visualizations through modeling and integration efforts across multiple data sources
Supports core database through active maintenance and oversight including fixing coding errors, collaborating with IT partners and deeply understanding HR data definitions & data lineage
Supports advanced analytics projects in collaboration with senior members of the team and may have direct interaction with senior management
Supports data governance and strategy initiatives of HR through process reviews of the entire data lifecycle
Communicate insights and recommendations to stakeholders at all levels through a thoughtful combination on quantitative and qualitative storytelling
Direct involvement in enterprise-wide talent projects that are key to support talent strategies
Designs and develops reporting and data visualization solutions to stakeholders
Consulting with global HR to ensure report or data request will meet business need
Exercise independent judgement in identifying and resolving problems within established guidelines
Qualifications:
Foundational knowledge in quantitative data analysis (exploratory data analysis, inferential statistics, regression and time series analysis, etc.)
Knowledge in data manipulation using in any scripting language (R, Python, SAS, SQL)
Experience in any business intelligence platforms/ data visualization tools like Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau, IBM Cognos, Oracle BI, Qlik, etc.
Ability to communicate technical findings to business stakeholders
University degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Physics, Psychology, Sociology or any field with quantitative/ social science background
Working with Us:
As a Northern Trust partner, you will be part of a flexible and collaborative work culture, which has a strong history of financial strength and stability. Movement within the organization is encouraged, senior leaders are accessible, and you can take pride in working for a company that is committed to strengthening the communities we serve!
We recognize the value of inclusion and diversity in culture, in thought, and in experience, which is why we are honored to receive the following awards in 2021:
Gender Equality Index Member, Bloomberg
Top Financial & Banking Company, Black EOE Journal, Hispanic Network Magazine, Professional WOMAN'S Magazine
We’d love to learn more about how your interests and experience could be a fit with one of America’s best banks and most sustainable companies! Build your career with us and apply today.
Job Type: Full-time"}3.8}1241
15}Data Analyst}KEYENCE}https://www.indeed.com/company/Keyence/jobs/Data-Analyst-4caf8019f6e4edf7?fccid=8d12993b335ad23c&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""9b1db2aa-a97e-4491-b09e-31541f585324"")>"}Itasca, IL 60143 60143}"This position is located at our Headquarters building in Itasca, IL.
Keyence is seeking a Data Analyst with focus on Business Intelligence & Database Design for our Management Information Systems department (MIS), open and ready to collaborate with other team members and departments.
About Keyence
Keyence is a high technology company that ranks among the most innovative companies in the world. We consistently outperform our industry peers by providing the most advanced and simple to use products and world class technical support.
Main Duties and Tasks
Provide support to end-users by maintaining a strong knowledge of company systems
Generate performance-based incentive compensation reports for sales teams on a monthly and quarterly basis through the use of a data visualization software
Communicate with the strategic marketing team on a day-to-day basis to help assist with usage of company tools and compensation system
Build and/or maintain existing reports with SQL queries, Microsoft Excel, and Business Intelligence platforms
Maintain policies and procedures to ensure the security and integrity of the company databases and application systems
Other duties and projects as assigned
General Skills and Profile Requirements
Strong communication and analytical skills, level-headed, with a developer mindset
Team player, personable and reliable
Problem-solving and positive attitude
Ability to work with large volume of confidential data
Ability to multi-task and prioritize work based on urgency
In-depth understanding of relational databases and techniques for normalization
Four-year college degree
Technical Skills
Preferred: Intermediate level in Microsoft Excel
Preferred: Intermediate level in T-SQL
Preferred: Some experience with Business Intelligence software (Tableau, Microsoft Power BI)
Optional: Familiarity with web development, HTML5, CSS
Optional: Familiarity with C#, .NET, Python
Optional: Familiarity with Microsoft SSRS, SSIS
KEYENCE is an at-will, Equal Opportunity Employer.
Keyence will not sponsor applicants for work visas.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $97,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Location: One location"}3.7}130
16}Intellio Labs Data Engineer}Pace Harmon}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=af4f47f3526e3d52&fccid=5dcc3f0b8761649f&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""a8c98433-94a6-48ec-ac4d-ba3968fda843"")>"}Hybrid remote in Chicago, IL 60611 60611}"Ready to thrive in the next step on your career journey?
The Intellio Labs Data Engineer, within the Intellio Labs team, will be responsible for data engineering for Intellio Insights: a benchmarking, reporting, and advanced analytics platform used to enhance our consulting services across many industries.
The Data Engineer will focus on data pipeline development and translating complex business requirements to data services in support of reporting and analytics solutions. They will be responsible for management and enhancement of the data platform, as well as designing new integrations and target data models to support industry focused offerings. They will also have the opportunity to continuously expand their skillset while working with cutting edge tools. S/He must be able to learn new technologies quickly, adapt to changing requirements, and generate innovative solutions to complex problems using the latest technologies.
Responsibilities:
Leverage modern data tools and technologies, including Intellio DataOps, to expand and enhance the existing data platform as the demand for data services to accelerate our consulting offerings increases
Interact with members of the Intellio Labs product teams, West Monroe line consultants, and West Monroe thought leaders to understand their vision, gather requirements, and provide feedback to the prioritization process
Work in a collaborative team setting to ideate and design technical solutions to complex industry issues through analysis of current product functionality, desired end state, and available technologies
Develop solutions by adhering to a standard Kanban software development lifecycle – requirements gathering, design, development, testing, implementation, and rollout
Develop technical or end-user documentation detailing functionality, design, and possible extensions or uses of the feature within the larger product
Provide clear communication on both the overall purpose of any of the Intellio products, as well as specific features to a business (non-technical) user to help with sales and client management
Identify and resolve issues that arise during the design, testing, and ongoing maintenance processes using critical thinking skills

Qualifications:
1-3+ years of experience in data engineering with preferred skills in the following areas

Technical Skills and Experience, in order of importance:
o ETL / ELT
Expert Proficiency with SQL
One or more of the following: Scala, R, Python
One or more of the following: Spark, Databricks, Hive
Other ETL/ELT Technologies such as Matillion, Azure Data Factory, SSIS, Informatica, Alteryx, etc.
o Modern Data Engineering Storage
S3, Azure Data Lake Gen 2, Delta Lake
Snowflake, Redshift
Parquet, Avro
o Source System Discovery and Queries
PostgreSQL, SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle
o Cloud services in either/both AWS and Azure
Exposure or knowledge of data engineering tools preferred
o Reporting and Business Intelligence
PowerBI, Tableau, Looker

Problem-solver with natural innovative and analytical skills
Able to efficiently manage multiple tasks and contribute in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment
Understanding of complex data engineering concepts (requirements, development methodologies, testing and documentation) and an understanding of how technology applies to business concepts
Comfortable working within a fast-paced, collaborative, Agile/Scrum project environment with a start-up mindset
Excellent leadership, organizational, and verbal/written communication skills
Ready to get started? Join our team and make an impact.
At West Monroe, our people are our business.
We pride ourselves on bringing a different mindset to consulting—and that takes a different approach: highly collaborative, flexible, and tenacious.
Our people-first culture is core to our identity. It’s something we care about, and something we strive to enrich and preserve. No hierarchies. No siloes. No egos. Just smart ideas, unique perspectives, and the drive to make an impact for our clients.
We also know that the best outcomes for both our people and our clients result from including diverse perspectives at the table. That’s why inclusion & diversity is one of our core values.
Every day our clients rely on us to help them tackle their greatest challenges, by strategically deploying technology through a business-focused and industry-specific lens. We bring together both the right knowledge and the right approach, so that they can capitalize on opportunities and deliver real results. That takes the right team. And that’s where you come in.
West Monroe Partners is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law. To learn more about inclusion and diversity at West Monroe, visit www.westmonroe.com/inclusion.
If you are based in California, we encourage you to read West Monroe’s Notice at Collection for California residents, provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) .
#LI-HYBRID"}}
17}Data Reporting Analyst With Python Experience - Chicago, Il (Remote)}iknowvate technologies}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=24b180ec958edbc7&fccid=9ace5aa4e4fa6ce2&vjs=3}}Remote in Chicago, IL}"Chicago, Illinois - United States | Posted - 02/16/22

Overview
Our client is looking Data Reporting Analyst with Python Experience in long term project in Chicago, IL. (Remote). Below are the detailed requirements.
Job Title : Data Reporting Analyst with Python Experience
Location : Chicago, IL
Duration : 6+ Months
Qualification:
Bachelor's degree preferably in Computer Science, Information technology, Computer Engineering, or related IT discipline or equivalent experience with 8+ Minimum Experience.
Python programming skills
Object-oriented programming in Python
Experience performing unit testing
Developing automation and code that is scalable
Agile project experience
A nice to have is experience working with actuaries and actuarial software including PolySystems and Moody’s AXIS, but this is not required."}}
18}Analyst, Expert Services}Kroll}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CplfP0fMVa5Zi0Q9eSrBV9a-RPkMJuy4ofFjWE5uZQEVWRkGCsP3--H8uv9LB_LbSj7LWiZg6HYpsINQLfVNI_fLtZJs5w89hz45uhAqJCUcrH5InyrgeUEbPvprFpUJB82kETBmjoUDm0F5e39AKR0Tv67oNA4ihZoZh6vfMZhke6KKPm1kCoUujEx1xPCiC3RfM0Vd-XoX8ip0gS15VTkPpmr_AuL8W-VAZZEuqsZAQUIfSLBJnZY_cqLUvhJMS8oUeZ-zf9usZD9GkmdFY3Ssyzr3LAUd4L3DCUkgw_zEkHni7zcJCGmSTvnF5gWD3Ht901_mbkSuacFJsIXgHq7Wt0pGZ5_tCX4yqZId-FgMAkg6dIU9rb8jTHkE1oW10F2ojBLCCPq3Evmk0ZVHWmm3t8P6ULH6N00lBXQisCS4Z2No_qogqlSrhXTfXGO7A7AviTbGk9nRK-zzNH8Qg2PqUQ2wtvfsGbG9pai4ACP75BhVEUrhMrJMVFWB6YKuiZJjM6oXaQN0SD3q88GxBKupGv6luJTf8=&p=18&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""1097747b-d3e1-47ef-9a12-925bce11a8ce"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60695 60695
(Loop area)
+4 locations"}"In a world of disruption and increasingly complex business challenges, our professionals bring truth into focus with the Kroll Lens. Our sharp analytical skills, paired with the latest technology, allow us to give our clients clarity—not just answers—in all areas of business. We embrace diverse backgrounds and global perspectives, and we cultivate diversity by respecting, including, and valuing one another. As part of One team, One Kroll, you’ll contribute to a supportive and collaborative work environment that empowers you to excel.

Kroll’s Expert Services practice provides valuation services and financial analysis to attorneys and companies involved in litigation, among others. Our professionals are trained to provide expert witness testimony in our areas of expertise. We are sought out by the top law firms and companies in the world and have been recognized by many publications and industry sources for our exceptional client service and work product. Kroll’s Expert Services practice is world renowned for the high quality of its work and financial analysis.

RESPONSIBILITIES:



Perform valuation analysis on a wide range of public and private entities within various industries using accepted and relevant approaches and theory. Design and work with financial models for discounted cash flow, market multiple, market transaction and option pricing analyses


Organize and analyze large data sets to provide meaningful conclusions


Independently gather data pertinent to the engagement through direct client interaction, client site visits, and independent research


Assist in preparing and presenting the results of our analysis in a clear and concise manner


Contribute directly to the development of work product, expert reports, proposals, presentations and publications communicated to current and prospective clients


Quality assurance for expert reports and other work product



REQUIREMENTS:



Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Business Administration (with a concentration in Accounting or Finance), Management (with a concentration in Accounting or Finance), Engineering (with a minimum of four Junior and/or Senior level courses in Accounting, Economics or Finance) or MBA from an accredited college or university


Must be available to start by September 2022


Major GPA of 3.0


Strong Excel, Microsoft Word, and PowerPoint skills


Excellent written and verbal communication skills with a talent for conveying complex information in a clear and persuasive manner


Strong analytical, critical thinking and problem solving skills, as well as strong verbal and written communication skills

Thorough understanding of corporate finance principles and financial statement analysis

Attention to detail, ability to manage time and workflow & focus on quality work


Energetic and passionate attitude towards our work and towards working with a team


Familiarity with, or interest to develop expertise in, statistical modeling software such as SAS, STATA, Python, R, etc. is a plus


Must be able to work from one of the following office locations: Chicago, IL; Houston, TX; Atlanta, GA; Morristown, NJ; Boston, MA; New York City, NY; Washington, DC



In order to be considered for a position at Kroll, you must formally apply via careers.kroll.com. Apply now to join One team, One Kroll.

Kroll is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of gender, gender identity, race, religion, color, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, age or disability."}3.5}178
19}Support Engineer}Mode}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=854acc0ee7e80937&fccid=91bbe5abd5c92a78&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""929a4136-145d-4a24-b1cb-b88fabd6c517"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL}"Mode is a remote-first company with cross-functional teams based throughout the US. We welcome applicants from all 50 states. Employees based in the San Francisco area also have the option to work out of our office as desired.
We've built Mode from the ground up to be the best analytics platform for Analysts and Data Scientists. As we've grown, an increasingly broad audience—people on teams from Finance to Operations, Marketing to Engineering, and everything in between—has begun to use Mode to collaborate with analysts and use data in everyday decisions. For our 600+ customers, Mode is the central place where data experts and domain experts can come together to make sense of data at the rapid pace of business today.
In addition to building the best analytics platform, we want to ensure that Analysts and Data Scientists are successful using Mode. We aim to do this not only by building software but also by providing the support and resources Analysts need to make an impact. We don't just troubleshoot product questions or resolve bugs—we help customers solve analytical problems. We pride ourselves on being able to find solutions to unconventional requests.
As a Support Engineer, you'll be responsible for handling complex technical issues and owning customer escalations. You will deliver value to our customers by driving down bug backlog with Engineering and representing the voice of the customer in prioritization meetings. If you're a customer champion, passionate about solving problems and leading strategic initiatives to enhance the customer experience - you'll bring tremendous value to our customers and team!

What you'll do
Become a Mode expert and handle top-level technical customer escalations
Represent the customer voice as a member of cross-functional bug prioritization meetings with the Product, Engineering, and Design teams
Troubleshoot complex technical customer issues via phone, e-mail, chat, and virtual meetings
Contribute to Mode Help Site documentation and the knowledge base
Partner with Engineering and Product to lead strategic initiatives focused on customer experience and product improvement
Act as a technical advisor in key customer conversations with Pre-Sales, Sales, and CSM teams to prevent customer churn and further other customer adoption initiatives
Occasionally (less than 5%) visit customers to consult on challenging technical issues and projects with Mode
What we look for
Experience in a customer-facing technical support role
Track record of managing complex technical customer escalations including customer and internal stakeholder communication
Proven ability to multi-task (since you could be managing one or more customer escalations!)
Passion for helping customers and drive to make sure they have a great experience with our product and team
Excellent communication skills and ability to tailor complex technical conversations to both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to creatively develop interesting and helpful solutions to the wide range of problems that Mode's customers are trying to solve
Strong knowledge of SQL and web-based technologies - you should be very comfortable navigating data in SQL and working with modern front-end and analytics technologies like CSS, JavaScript, Python, and/or R
Interest in technical mentoring - we will look to you to train, and help develop the technical skills of your team members and share best practices
Alignment with Mode's values
Must be comfortable working an 8 hour shift between 7am your local time and 6pm Pacific Time
Bonus: Experience working in the data and analytics space, especially in a technical support environment
Bonus: Experience in technical consulting
About Mode
Mode is a collaborative analytics platform that brings teams together around data to make game-changing decisions.

In everything we do, we strive to put the people we do it for first. This starts internally: together we're building a culture that embraces diversity and learning, humility and gratitude. At the same time, we try not to take ourselves too seriously and strive for a healthy balance between work and personal pursuits.

Benefits you can expect as a Mode employee:
Generous, flexible PTO and family leave
Flexible work schedules—we trust you to know what will make yourself most productive
Excellent health coverage for team members and their families (Mode pays the 100% of the premiums)
Supportive work environment and a manager who is focused on your professional growth
Company events that highlight our team's passions and hobbies
Mode is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. For California residents please review our CCPA Privacy Notice linked here.
The compensation range for this role is $70,000-100,000 to be determined by level. #BI-Remote"}4.2}38
20}Software Development Engineer in Test}DRW Trading Group}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ea69d66cd4a69797&fccid=42ccd87a2c182a30&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""f13d3e8c-8808-405f-9868-e3b364e65916"")>"}Chicago, IL}"Job Location
Chicago
Employment type
Regular
Department
Technology
Targeted Start Date
Immediate
DRW is a technology-driven, diversified principal trading firm. We trade our own capital at our own risk, across a broad range of asset classes, instruments and strategies, in financial markets around the world. As the markets have evolved over the past 25 years, so has DRW – maximizing opportunities to include real estate, cryptoassets and venture capital. With over 1200 employees at our Chicago headquarters and offices around the world, we work together to solve complex problems, challenge consensus and deliver meaningful results. It’s a place of high expectations, deep curiosity and thoughtful collaboration.
The Software Development Engineer in Test provides mission critical support for our core proprietary trading systems through the development of various QA tools and automation frameworks.
Core Duties:
Collaborate with other SDETs and Developers to develop and maintain various tools to be used with automated testing and maintaining complex test environments.
Work with senior developer in charge of testing frameworks to help with the design and coding of the testing platform for automating tests of trading application
Work with other SDETs to help in the coding of automation testing, helping to write libraries of common functionality used by testing
Learn common functionality of automated trading strategies to help in the effort for automation of system validations.
Requirements:
Degree in Computer Science or related Engineering discipline
In-depth knowledge of Python and keeps up with current standards (3.6 onwards)
Up-to-date knowledge of the Python ecosystem: third party libraries, packaging in-built Python libraries.
Solid understanding of data structures
Knowledge of CI software, such as TeamCity or Jenkins
Familiarity with Linux
Strong analytical skills and strong detail orientation
Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills"}4.6}9
21}Data Analytics Associate}PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5d711c896d6a021f&fccid=5e964c4afc56b180&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""4f09eb45-cd67-4b69-a5b1-0b1d62a22080"")>"}Chicago, IL}"A career in our Benefits practice, within People and Organisation Consulting services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients reset their talent strategies and deliver extraordinary business results through their people. We focus on evaluating and managing their unique challenges so our clients can maximise their return on the overall investment in human capital. You’ll gain a tremendous depth of expertise in all aspects of human capital, including creating sustainable value through people culture and change, designing compensation and retirement strategies, and improving human capital operations. Our team helps our clients evaluate, redesign, implement and manage their health and welfare and retirement benefits programmes. You’ll help our clients with active and retiree plan performance management, vendor selection, provider strategy, financial reporting and cost driver analysis, private exchange and drug benefit evaluation.

To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner.
Share and collaborate effectively with others.
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise.
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Follow risk management and compliance procedures.
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism.
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce.
Build and maintain an internal and external network.
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.

Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
1 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Business Analytics, Analytics, Finance

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team member in roles supporting functions or projects involving aspects of commercial and government programs and issues in a major consulting firm or corporate environment, emphasizing areas that include pharmacy pricing/underwriting, and data analysis.
Demonstrates some abilities and/or proven record of success with reviewing PBM claims audits and assisting with analytical and financial tasks on various PBM client engagements. Must have analytical thinking skills and be able to complete various assigned tasks related to the PBM contract auditing, claim pricing, and financial analysis as well as assist with the project management of such projects. Familiarity with one or more of the following: SAS, Python, R, Alteryx and experience with PBM contracts is a plus but not required.
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team member with:
Using Excel application skills and database/statistical analysis language (SAS, Python, R, Alteryx) is a plus;
Using analytical thinking skills to evaluate analyses for communication to internal team or clients;
Innovating through new and existing technologies, along with experimenting with digitization solutions;
Working with large, complex data sets to build models and leverage data visualization tools to provide insights to clients;
Working independently and within a team;
Being client focused and results oriented;
Assisting with the preparation of the audit scope and data request and deliverables;
Reviewing pharmacy contracts for pertinent information related to the scope of the engagement;
Loading claims data and conduct analysis on claim pricing and benefit set-up accuracy;
Drafting client reports;
Possessing problem solving skills;
Having the ability to effectively manage time and prioritize projects in order to meet established deadlines; and,
Possessing proven verbal and written communication skills.

Please note that, at this time, to be in-person at a PwC office, client location or PwC-sponsored events, you must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer."}4}7899
22}Data Scientist - Decision Sciences}Groupon}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff82c35582e95e1d&fccid=863ad2cc91c92c82&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""91354401-2491-4bce-b70d-ad740836059f"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60654 60654
(Goose Island area)"}"Are you ready to test your skills using massive amounts of information to make critical business decisions?
Groupon is an experiences marketplace that brings people more ways to get the most out of their city or wherever they may be. By enabling real-time mobile commerce across local businesses, live events and travel destinations, Groupon helps people find and discover experiences––big and small, new and familiar––that make for a full, fun and rewarding life. Groupon helps local businesses grow and strengthen customer relationships––resulting in strong, vibrant communities. Even with thousands of employees spread across multiple continents, we still maintain a culture that inspires innovation, rewards risk-taking and celebrates success.
Groupon’s global Decision Science team, within the Revenue Management organization, has the cool responsibility of being business matchmakers. By tweaking key business levers and optimizing algorithms, our mission is to find “dealmates” by introducing the best available deals to the right individuals when they are most likely to be interested in purchasing those deals. We are also responsible for encouraging customers to buy those deals by offering personalized promotions dictated by machine learning models.
You will be responsible for understanding customer behavior and translating that into actionable insights that can impact real-time revenue and our user experience. We are looking for a creative and innovative data scientist to drive strategic initiatives that will propel the future growth of Groupon. As part of this team you will focus on various data science and data analytics problems including but not limited to personalization, customer affinities, customer preference, recommender system, email campaign targeting, optimal pricing, promotion strategy, and product selection.
We're a ""best of both worlds"" kind of company. We're big enough to have resources and scale, but small enough that a single person has a surprising amount of autonomy and can make a meaningful impact. We're curious, fun, a little intense, and kind of obsessed with helping local businesses thrive. Does that sound like a great way to grow your career? Let's get into the details:
You’ll spend time on the following:
You will design, implement, and deploy scalable algorithms and machine learnings models that utilize large amounts of data for campaign selection, deal targeting, optimizing deal selection, and improving user experience
You will analyze historical data and build forecasting systems to determine future business opportunities and metrics
You will utilize advanced data mining and machine learning to personalize the user experience, increase user engagement and improve core business metrics
You will conduct A/B and diff/diff tests to predict contribution impacts from new models and algorithms
You will author predictive algorithms that improve deal and promotion relevance for over 60 million of active Groupon users
We’re excited about you if you have:
Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics or related field) plus 2+ years of relevant experience in data science and predictive modeling
Predictive modeling, recommender systems, data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, data visualization, and testing methodologies (including but not limited to AB)
Understanding of applied math topics, such as probability and statistics, linear algebra, basic optimization techniques, etc.
Strong skills in Python, Spark, or similar data science modeling language
Deployment of production data science models that drive business value
SQL queries for data analysis on Teradata, Hive or similar parallel database
HDFS and scripting background desired
Experience in e-commerce, consumer insights, or pricing and promotions a plus
Prior experience in e-commerce, consumer insights, or marketing campaign effectiveness a plus
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment, and to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously. Must be comfortable dealing with ambiguity and a constantly evolving environment.

Groupon’s purpose is to build strong communities through thriving small businesses. To learn more about the world’s largest local ecommerce marketplace, click here for the latest Groupon news. Plus, be sure to check out the values that shape our culture, guide our strategy and make our company a great place to work. And just don’t take our word for it. Hear from real Groupon team members and learn more about our inclusive employee groups. If all of this sounds like something that’s a great fit for you, then click apply and let’s see where this takes us.
Groupon is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Qualifications for employment, promotion, and other terms and conditions of employment are based upon the ability to perform the job. Equal-employment opportunities are provided to all applicants and employees without regard to race, creed, religion, color, age, national origin, sex, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, ancestry, marital status, military discharge status (excluding dishonorable discharge), veteran status, citizenship status, or other legally protected status. We are all responsible for maintaining this policy. Groupon is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may email us at hraccommodations at groupon.com. If you have concerns related to Groupon’s equal employment opportunities, you may contact Groupon’s Ethics Reporting Service Ethicspoint."}3.6}844
23}UX Design Lead}Publicis Sapient}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AifcpeK-Nu936wgy-BS7owxv6Q_YD1znLiY0Ck5crXdIgVxXdAJC_ai_wOszhxY9TNkIAi8Lu7cAFXKqe5ZNP8hb-qrOGxEC203Rqy6O_DVtQTIk1FFLsqLjorgm3_TmXHIevVoJO3A2jSw52AHoaoJpmzG46pFYhd2EPET9U9nhuMmYY7riI_zzgbXyX5c7GyM0DmGUmGg6UwF6KaeSjUhJ15w3qJbe6Wy4nNsKzdqCaN1cJQi886nzJsbMumY6tf22fMlfuNckfKMe9Q88rXldeGRRtTwbWK3O1KxiUQXVMUB448Mg5amyF5gxM14aqp1B4wLq3kkfVeE_jAh4SRWmDpz4Ujzd83mIlc-RAGiWTnLcKyQKWtOnlFIM7TDu0-zwEnBM_olxRWP8tGM0BtOZSlDrI6IlN4ZF5-D6us3w0L2tg6iTLBjpkC31vME29zVvZYDc8Yd4qze0-3zxxviW_Nh9qgxW12cf6IrYCiaGYvQ8h9TqlSl0mv3ez86fh-he5LvvYOxhfvv7xstK1doED8THLNxHG6MSe9upFm5M3pAa4gqjKzpyNV1uk7bilAfiMNV4BBXX3W8vx3n7l7h9IQzcYwW1m3GWlUwO4dooNF-VwBCCpHOZAPzBVQ5HQyfsZLeNyYvzBoE3DTnHtzdCXY_eNPmD-yTH9bsN5a1jLZNFh5zkBcoApiqCimSRm-hy6hTNzdzqxHxwxN2eGIU425Eqylyw8i3ZXC7RoPIA==&p=23&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""8a173b82-f7fc-4edc-a56d-7e22da947e30"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60601 60601
(The Loop area)"}"Company Description

Publicis Sapient is a digital transformation partner helping established organizations get to their future, digitally-enabled state, both in the way they work and the way they serve their customers. We help unlock value through a start-up mindset and modern methods, fusing strategy, consulting and customer experience with agile engineering and problem-solving creativity. United by our core values and our purpose of helping people thrive in the brave pursuit of next, our 20,000+ people in 53 offices around the world combine experience across technology, data sciences, consulting and customer obsession to accelerate our clients’ businesses through designing the products and services their customers truly value.

Job Description

We are looking for an emergent design leader highly skilled at crafting exceptional experiences for our clients as they guide diverse teams to deliver those experiences. This Lead Designer will use their society-driven design prowess and interpersonal charm to lead research exercises, design explorations, and cross-functional development of high-end technology solutions.
They will be responsible for strengthening our reputation as pioneers in the industry. They will motivate their teams to resolve problems in new ways. They will form bonds with clients as an organizational partner and thought leader. They will lead the creation of design systems that nurture future innovation and sustainability. They will champion their team’s results while delivering timely and critical feedback.
The Publicis Sapient Experience Design Capability is the bridge between business strategy and applied technology — we create meaningful, holistic experiences for our clients and their customers. We are multiskilled thinkers, computational designers, environmental designers, researchers, and architects.
Sounds like you? If you are committed to not only transforming the world with amazing products, but also being a valued anchor to our growing global organization, you will be instrumental in our bold pursuit of helping companies change the world. Apply now.
Your Impact:
Guide and organize discovery, research, and data synthesis to identify critical user insights and develop hypotheses to design effective experiences
Possess deep understanding of craft, tools and process
Propose optimizations and creative approaches to systems that can drive users’ needs
Deliver high-quality work through managing others
Possess a holistic view of the work to generate realistic goals for their project teams to meet
Clarify and define success metrics for client and business impact
Design detailed solutions that address clear customer needs, business context, client vision, and project KPIs
Lead the creation and facilitation of workshops, structured brainstorms, or other collaboration exercises
Lead collaboration between Experience and Engineering capabilities
Identify and define new opportunities to bring value to client engagements
Mentor younger design team members

Qualifications

Your Skills & Experience:
Excellent visioning skills, i.e. strategic illustration for future outcomes
Leading projects from start to finish
Data and insights analysis to determine experience success metrics & KPIs
Complex system mapping and process mapping
Deep understanding of user research and testing
Mapping user journeys and interactive flows
Wireframing functionality for features and content
Advanced interaction design
Advanced prototyping skills with either software or live code
Advanced knowledge of component-based design-development
Advanced knowledge of audits and competitive landscaping
Basic knowledge of project scope estimates
Public speaking and pitch delivery
Mentorship skills
Set Yourself Apart With:
Ecosystem mapping and design
Experience managing and mentoring careers of associate design talent
Proprietary approach to both generative and evaluative consumer research and testing
Heuristic evaluation and performance data analysis
Prototyping with code— HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, React Native, etc.
Demonstrated photo or video editing capabilities
Design for emerging experiences, i.e. natural language processing and augmented reality
Consultancy and business strategy client experience

Additional Information

Benefits of Working Here:
Flexible vacation policy; time is not limited, allocated, or accrued
16 paid holidays throughout the year
Generous parental leave and new parent transition program
Tuition reimbursement
Corporate gift matching program
As part of our dedication to an inclusive and diverse workforce, Publicis Sapient is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hiring@publicissapient.com or you may call us at +1-617-621-0200."}3.9}630
24}Data Analyst}Gallagher}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5fcc92eb7998efa6&fccid=e082683e6e0bb617&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""ac255b39-8166-4e16-82c0-efcb5e06d00d"")>"}Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 60008}"Description - External
Gallagher is a global leader in insurance, risk management and consulting services. We help businesses grow, communities thrive and people prosper. We live a culture defined by The Gallagher Way, our set of shared values and guiding tenets. A culture driven by our people, over 30,000 strong, serving our clients with customized solutions that will protect them and fuel their futures.
Position Summary:
The Data Analyst is tasked with assisting the Data Science and Data Engineering teams evaluate data sources, both internal and external to the company. The evaluation will assess the data based on accuracy, completeness, quality and structural characteristics. The Data Analyst will communicate their data assessments, prepare the data for use in advanced statistical models and analyses and interpret those models within a business context. The Data Analyst will use powerful, cloud-based tools and be an important part of a high performing Machine Learning software development team.
Primary responsibilities include:
Support the development of predictive models and machine learning software by building advanced features and adding to our feature store for one of the largest insurance brokers in the world.
Building key parts of model pipelines in Azure, and working with the team to ensure any business-accepted models can be moved into production;
Collaborating with business analysts and data engineers to gather data for analysis; and Leading testing of data quality and completeness for modeling attributes.
Analyzes organizational data to recommend solutions to new and complex problems, develops innovative strategies, quantifies the competitive performance of the organization's operations and/or markets.
Produces written reports and recommendations for internal consumption, including problem statement, methods, interpretation of findings, and business implications.
Provides ad-hoc support to internal clients for data mining and other analytics. May provide guidance to lower level staff, but has no formal supervisory responsibility.

Qualifications - External
Required:
Degree in quantitative field, such as data science, statistics, mathematics, computer science, finance, or economics.
Professional experience with “data wrangling” such as building schemas, identifying outliers, removing problem characters and standardizing values.
Excellent problem solving skills as well as critical thinking and conceptual thinking abilities. Intermediate to advanced proficiency in SQL and R or Python.
Preferred:
Experience using statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models
Experience with cloud tools and structures, preferably Azure.
1+ years of experience drawing insights from large, raw datasets.
Influence company decision-making.
Proficient with building data pipelines from larger data sets.
Continued interest in further building mathematical and programming skills.
Work Traits:
Good communication skills to provide highly technical, analytical assessments to team leaders.
A strong desire for continual learning.
U.S. Eligibility Requirements:
Interested candidates must submit an application and resume/CV online to be considered
Must be 18 years of age or older
Must be willing to submit to a background investigation; any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation
Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States. For U.S. employment opportunities, Gallagher hires U.S. citizens, permanent residents, asylees, refugees, and temporary residents. Temporary residence does not include those with non-immigrant work authorization (F, J, H or L visas), such as students in practical training status. Exceptions to these requirements will be determined based on shortage of qualified candidates with a particular skill. Gallagher will require proof of work authorization
Must be willing to execute Gallagher’s Employee Agreement or Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement which requires, among other things, post-employment obligations relating to non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-disclosure
Gallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits, including: medical/dental/vision plans, life and accident insurance, 401(K), employee stock purchase plan, educational expense reimbursement, employee assistance program, flexible work hours (availability varies by office and job function) training programs, matching gift program, and more.
Gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against nor favor any applicant because of race, sex, color, disability, national origin, religion, creed, age, marital status, citizenship, veteran status, gender, gender identity / expression, actual or perceived sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic. Equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, demotion, compensation, benefits, layoff, and termination. In addition, Gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant
#LI-TG2"}3.2}1043
25}Software Development Business Analyst (FT)}ITF Group}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3ad73ada8944ebac&fccid=6dc0b47926d6f636&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""dc7ba695-671b-4e77-8c1d-091fa8f40d39"")>"}Chicago, IL}"Who We Are:
ITF Group is a growing asset-based 3PL company with a mission to improve the landscape of the logistics industry. ITF Group is a multicultural organization that embraces a diverse workforce, which fosters equal opportunities for all. ITF Group aims to serve as a better place to build your future career. We believe in community and have various social functions during the year which are the perfect opportunity to get to know your teammates, have fun, and build team morale. People are our greatest asset, and we are constantly encouraging our employees to grow and succeed in their careers. We invest in our people, and they invest in us. We offer a competitive salary with a bonus and attractive benefits.

Who You Are:
Requirements for the position are listed below. In addition to education and skill set, ask yourself these questions:
Do you consider yourself an avid learner?
Do you believe in failing fast and forward?
Do you see possibilities rather than problems?
Do you possess a service-oriented mindset?
If the answer is an overwhelming YES, congratulations, you are connected to the vision of ITF Group: to hire innovative and passionate experts who approach everything with enthusiasm and a forward-thinking lens, while operating with appropriate urgency to meet all deadlines to ensure we are delivering the absolute best engagement experience to our customers. We would love to learn more about you and see if your skills align with our current needs.

Responsibilities:
As a software business analyst, responsible for analyzing the business domain, documenting its processes and systems, outlining business requirements, and matching a software business model with the software being built. In addition, you will:
Identifying technical requirements and then prioritizing them.
Creating detailed reports, making data analysis “visual”.
Outlining problems and their respective solutions.
Identifying business opportunities.
Budgeting and financial forecasting.
Project planning and management.
Variance analysis.
Product pricing.
Defining business requirements and goals.
Facilitating communication between management and production.
Ensuring follow-through progress reporting.

Requirements:
Oral and written communication
Consultation and interpersonal communication
Facilitating interdepartmental communication
Data analysis and visualization
Analytical thinking coupled with problem-solving
Accurate and clear reporting and a detail-oriented mindset
Business analysis
Cost-benefits analysis
Process modeling
Stakeholder analysis
Organizational skills
Understanding of networks
Knowledge of databases and how data is gathered and stored
Basic coding and other IT skills
Familiarity with tools such as Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, Google Analytics, Tableau
Familiarity with website programming languages such as Python, SQL, R, etc.

Why ITF?
Casual and fun start-up culture focused on teamwork.
Transparent leadership with access to the executive team.
Extensive industry training program.
Competitive salary with opportunity for variable compensation.
Opportunity for growth and internal advancement opportunities.
Comprehensive benefits package including, medical, dental, vision, matching 401K.



About ITF Group:

ITF Group is a Missouri based company offering modern facilities, offices, and warehouses. ITF Group is a growing asset-based third-party logistics company providing transportation, brokerage, and warehousing services and solutions to our customers since 2012. The company started with the mission of delivering the highest quality in unmatchable transport services to all. Since then, it has been striving to exceed our customer expectations with a people first approach focused on efficiency. Our passion towards our clients and work has enabled us to earn strongest reputation in the industry. We don’t just promise to deliver the best, but we stay true to our words."}}
26}Business Intelligence Analyst}Unilever}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=00e97689349298cc&fccid=37e886222e0cbb3a&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""04e7c60c-711b-42f6-a744-107121b23000"")>"}Northbrook, IL}"Location: Minneapolis, MN or Chicago, IL
Background & Purpose of the Job
Lead data unification and simpli fi cation across Category Management initiatives for the grocery business . The ACMM will d evelop strong relationships internally and identify patter n s or opportunities to drive action-based data driven insights through streamlining processes and creating data visualizations across Grocery. Leverage Category Growth Strategy Decks and Assess project requirements and develop data analysis algorithms leveraging linear algebra, statistics, and Mathematic concepts.
Who You Are & What You’ll Do
You’re a born lead er: Ability to manage multiple projects across and be recognized as the Simplification expert
You’re a strategy guru: Ability to identify patterns in data
You’re a dot connector: Ability to pull data, analyze, and provide actionable growth recommendations via visualizations
You love to win, and have fun doing it: Ability to work in a fastpaced environment and manage multiple projects across different categories and customers
You’re a story teller : explain the 'why and how' of your data driven recommendations to cross-functional teams
What You’ll Need To Succeed
Comfortable in basic statistical analysis , modeling, clustering and data mining techniques that identify trends and insights
Strong SQL sills, comfortable working with Tableau and Power BI, e xperience with Python or R , experience working in Azure
Passion for data investigation and telling stories with data
Exemplary organizational skills with attention to detail and accuracy
Ability to incorporate a variety of data sources in analysis
Engage internal develop ment team to identify Unilever best practices and recommendations to meet the deliverable needs
Develop novel ways to help business partners achieve objectives through analysis and modelling
Utilize machine learning to create repeatable, dynamic, and scalable models
Have passion to advocate and educate on the value and importance of data driven decision making and analytical methods
Identify and develop long-term data science processes, frameworks, tools, and standards
Travel Required 10%
What We Can Offer You
Culture for Growth | Top Notch Employee Health & Well Being Benefits | Every Voice Matters | Global Reach | Life at Unilever | Careers with Purpose | World Class Career Development Programs | Check Out Our Space | Focus On Sustainability
-
Unilever is an organization committed to diversity and inclusion to drive our business results and create a better future every day for our diverse employees, global consumers, partners, and communities. We believe a diverse workforce allows us to match our growth ambitions and drive inclusion across the business. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. For more information, please see Equal Employment Opportunity Posters

Employment is subject to verification of pre-screening tests, which may include drug screening, background check, credit check and DMV check.
If you are an individual with a disability in need of assistance at any time during our recruitment process, please contact us at NA.Accommodations@unilever.com . Please note: This email is reserved for individuals with disabilities in need of assistance and is not a means of inquiry about positions or application statuses."}4.2}7545
27}Cloud Engineer Associate, Full-Time - Days}Northwestern Memorial Healthcare}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a59fc954c94ec4d4&fccid=388ffa8e9601f976&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""bebf2fc7-3b70-4e81-b14f-12379df94d1a"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60611 60611
(Streeterville area)"}"Company Description

At Northwestern Medicine, every patient interaction makes a difference in cultivating a positive workplace. This patient-first approach is what sets us apart as a leader in the healthcare industry. As an integral part of our team, you'll have the opportunity to join our quest for better healthcare, no matter where you work within the Northwestern Medicine system. At Northwestern Medicine, we pride ourselves on providing competitive benefits: from tuition reimbursement and loan forgiveness to 401(k) matching and lifecycle benefits, we take care of our employees. Ready to join our quest for better?

Job Description

The Cloud Engineer Associate reflects the mission, vision, and values of NM, adheres to the organization’s Code of Ethics and Corporate Compliance Program, and complies with all relevant policies, procedures, guidelines and all other regulatory and accreditation standards.
The Cloud Engineer Associate is responsible for the design, configuration, integration and delivery of our cloud solution and applications. This position automates deployments fully integrating into the NMHC information technology environment. This position also monitors, analyzes, upgrades, as necessary, to ensure adequate capacity and availability to meet the user needs while maintaining fiscal responsibility.
Responsibilities:
General Technical Skills:
Develops solid technical competence for assigned services and systems while learning the integration and interaction of all supported services and systems.
Provides technical guidance and support for computing systems and systems integration.
Contributes to analysis and recommendations relating to performance and/or capacity of systems to ensure systems reliability for current and/or future use.
Strong operations experience focused on automated deployments of public cloud endpoints and knowledge of integration points, dependencies and the order in which these must be executed
Responsible for configuration management, integration and application authoring
Maintains a broad working knowledge of the full range of NMHC IT server/distributed systems.
Develops diagnostic skills and expertise to coordinate problem determination and solution, including vendors and manufacturers, across the full range of NMHC server/distributed system IT environment.
Code using modern scripting languages (Python, Ruby, PowerShell, JavaScript). Grow data science tech skills (R, SQL, Hadoop, Spark, Tableau) and OS installation technologies (Satellite, PXE, Kickstart, etc.)
Customer Service:
Develops reports, monitoring dashboards, workflows, and metrics within cloud and hybrid environments
Responds thoroughly and promptly to customer needs as defined in conjunction with our customers.
Manages customer relationships and follows issues through to closure. Includes all aspects of customers (NMHC technology users, IS team members, etc.).
Works effectively in supporting the application teams with project and support activities.
Actively participates and communications with the project teams.
Assists in the delivery of effective support by seeking a thorough understanding of the team’s goals and objectives.
Develops an understanding of the business and clinical processes at NMHC and the operational environments of assigned customers.
Communication Skills:
Utilize ServiceNow ITOM, Orchestrator, Cloud Management, Cost Management, Change Management, Asset Management, creating workflows and authorization workflows, CMDB to accurately communicate cloud capabilities.
Communicates clearly, responsively, and purposely with customers and team members.
Develops effective relationships with users and other IS team members to enhance the timeliness and effectiveness of technology solutions.
Planning:
Supports system-to-network connectivity and interfacing to assure stable integration of the NMHC distributed system IT environment.
Gathers business requirements, writes technical specifications and implements system and system changes to address changing application requirements.
Provides technical leadership including the identification and implementation of NMHC best practice standards.
Understands and enforces standards, policies and procedures for local area networks.
Participates in long and short-range technology planning.
Personal and Staff Development:
Contributes to on-going process to integrate vendor, manufacturer and point-expertise technical knowledge into NMHC.
Seeks to improve talents and skills consistent with overall IS direction.
Acts as a resource for others on the immediate team, as well as members of the application teams.
Teamwork:
Focuses on IS team success and promotes collaborative efforts with others.
Shifts easily among different technical and project roles as required by situation.
Adapts well to rapid change and multiple priorities.
Contributes to the IS Knowledge Repository.
Additional Functions:
Providing on-call support is required.
AA/EOE.

Qualifications

Required:
1+ years technical experience
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Preferred:
Bachelor’s in computer science or related field
1+ years of experience in core discipline in the healthcare industry.

Additional Information

Northwestern Medicine is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of age, sex, race, color, religion, national origin, gender identity, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation or any other protected status."}3.9}1420
28}Head of Design}Kraft Heinz Company}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ef080bd1bfbda64c&fccid=ef4be98af276034b&vjs=3}}Hybrid remote in Chicago, IL}"About Us
The Kraft Heinz Company is one of the largest food and beverage companies in the world, with eight $1 billion+ brands and global sales of approximately $25 billion. We’re a globally trusted producer of high-quality, great-tasting, and nutritious foods for over 150 years. Our brands are truly global, with products produced and marketed in over 40 countries. These beloved products include condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee, infant and nutrition products, and numerous other grocery products in a portfolio of more than 200 legacy and emerging brands.
No matter the brand, we’re united under one vision: To sustainably grow by delighting more consumers globally. Bringing this vision to life is our team of 39,000+ food lovers, creative thinkers, and high performers worldwide. Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership with Rise Against Hunger. We also stand committed to responsible, sustainable practices that extend to every facet of our business, our consumers, and our communities. Every day, we’re transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you share our passion – and are ready to create the future, build a legacy, and lead as a global citizen – there’s only one thing to do: join our table and let’s make life delicious!
Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration
We're not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. We empower our people at every level – from entry-level intern to senior leader – to own their work. We share a responsibility to think like Owners – to be mindful of the collective and sustained success of Kraft Heinz – which we apply to every situation, every day.
As part of Kraft Heinz, you're supported to grow and achieve. You’re expected to bring your authentic self to work every day, to lead with humility, and drive outstanding performance at every level – and you’ll be rewarded. You’re given opportunities to leave a mark and build a legacy. But you won’t do it alone. You’re supported by passionate teammates along the way, and our collective, collaborative spirit fuels our incredible progress.
Vaccination & Future of Work Expectations
Our highest priority is always the health and safety of our Kraft Heinz family. We require our office-based, home-based, R&D, and sales team members to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless approved for a medical or religious accommodation. This will enable our transition to hybrid work while maximizing the wellbeing of our entire team.
We believe the office is a critical driver of innovation, connection and development, but also realize providing more flexibility to our employees is critical in this new world. Starting in January 2022, the majority of our salaried employees will be able to work virtually for up to two days each week to create a more agile and modern workplace. Some jobs may be required to be performed fully in person depending a role’s responsibilities and requirements.
General information
All posting locations: Chicago, Illinois, United States of America
Job Function: 16 - Digital
Department: 16 - 06 - Design
Date Published: 19-Feb-2022
Job Type: Regular
Description & Requirements
Job Description
WHO WE ARE

We're one of the world's largest food and beverage companies and a trusted producer of high-quality- great-tasting- and nutritious foods- earning us a spot on 97% of American household tables. As the guardians of our beloved brands and the creators of innovative products- we're dedicated To Sustainably Grow by Delighting More Consumers Globally.

Today- The Kraft Heinz Company is building a new legacy by investing in a robust Digital infrastructure to revolutionize the food and beverage industry. We are on a journey to create a digitally-powered- agile-enterprise – all while honoring a 150-year heritage and a portfolio of 200 iconic brands. At the heart of this journey is our ambition to create an environment where powerful AI solutions augment humans and where small mission-based teams relentlessly pursue tangible solutions for our consumers- customers- and the enterprise.

That ambition requires us to create a modern cloud and data ecosystem - a one of its kind that becomes the neural network of our company. We want you to bring your tech-self to us. We use Python- R- Spark- React- Tableau- Snowflake- Azure- and others to solve our business challenges. You can look forward to high-impact- no bureaucracy- entrepreneurial work – done in small teams – and a unique opportunity to create something bold- something awesome- something inventive - and something globally impactful.

WHAT YOU’LL DO

As the Head of Design- you will lead the Design Chapter of Kraft Heinz’s Digital Revolution (DR) to build Kraft Heinz’s first holistic- product-centric Design capability. The Design Chapter includes UI/UX designers- design thinking coaches- service/journey designers- user research- design operations- and other design disciplines as appropriate. In this role- you will:

Champion the very best of design thinking- research- and user experience for all products in Kraft Heinz’s Digital Revolution
Establish a design thinking center of excellence to consult with the broader Kraft Heinz enterprise to creatively solve business problems and identify business opportunities
Bring the capability to high-impact areas like Whitespace and Disruptive Innovation of next generation of Kraft Heinz products
Facilitate design thinking on special projects (e.g.- strategic leadership problem solving)
Work with the Digital Revolution leadership team to establish the design language and brand guidelines for DR products that can be used consistently across digitally products
Construct a user experience research capability to inform designers and the agile pods on the best practices for B2B- B2C- and Enterprise product design
Determine and implement the appropriate technology stack (e.g Figma- Invision- Sketch- etc.) to enable the Design to team to do their best work
Serve as a member of the Digital Revolution leadership team- reporting to the VP of Digital Transformation
Define the Kraft Heinz way of Design Thinking as a capability- shape the learning curriculum/credential in the broader corporation in partnership with our Transformation Office

Closely partner with Kraft Heinz’s Marketing and Creative teams to ensure the design language and brand guidelines of the Digital Revolution are complementary to the enterprise brand
Contribute to the strategic roadmap of Digital Revolution opportunity areas (OAs) at Kraft Heinz from a design perspective
Recruit- develop- and retain a talented team of designers- coaches- and researchers as well as a partner ecosystem
Evaluate the necessity to create a design operations capability to maximize the impact of Design across the Digital Revolution and deploy it as appropriate
Manage the Digital Revolution Design budget including headcount and service provider spend
Help create a collaborative workspace for innovation and digital teams in our US Office

WHO YOU ARE

Previous success building and leading design teams that have shipped noteworthy innovation – both digital and non-digital products (preferably food)
Prior track record of activating this capability at scale across the enterprise
Orthogonal thinker with a relentless focus on intuitive- simple- and human-centric design
Deep understanding of how to establish a design thinking CoE to consult across a business
Proven track record of working in and with cross functional- agile teams
Demonstrable ability to lead in a matrixed- enterprise environment
Bachelor’s degree in Human Computer Interaction- Design- or similar disciplines or equivalent practical experience
Prior success in a design leadership capacity as part of a digital transformation effort preferred
Known quantity within the design community with previous speaking engagements and publications preferred

WHY US?

We're accelerating our ambition to become a best-in-class Digital leader by making data-driven investments that drive smarter business decisions. As the guardians of 200 beloved brands and the creators of innovative products- we're dedicated To Sustainably Grow by Delighting More Consumers Globally. What we build today helps bring joy to customers- consumers- and communities around the world tomorrow. Ready to build the future of food- now? Have a seat at our table and join our Digital Revolution.

Ready to help future-proof our legacy? Join our table- and Let's Make Life Delicious!
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity"}3.5}4310
29}Entry-Level Technology - Chicago: Spring '22 Posting}Northern Trust Corp.}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6490aea43bfb70f4&fccid=659d7ed1b53f4cd4&vjs=3}}"Chicago, IL 60603 60603
(The Loop area)"}"Entry-Level Technology
Northern Trust’s leading technology solutions enable businesses to drive growth, improve client and employee experiences, and protect confidential data.
To better serve our clients, we’ve created a virtual “think tank” of Silicon Valley startups that enables us to leverage connections and apply innovative new products and technologies with greater speed and accuracy.
That’s where we need you.
The Client Digital Solution Delivery (CDSD) group is responsible for developing these and other groundbreaking web and mobile solutions, including all major digital client entry points. Over the course of 2022, our cross-functional teams will work together on major components of our client digital experience. They’ll use a cloud native and micro services architecture on Cloud Foundry, and will leverage open source and build custom code to handle key core application functions.
The Digital Solution Delivery Developer will join an Agile team that utilizes Agile Scrum and/or Extreme Programming principles. They will develop on cloud technologies and Spring frameworks and will participate in agile sprints on development projects.
The role begins in January 2022 or Summer 2022.
Qualifications:
The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of object oriented programming concepts and have the ability to utilize their recent academic experience to create superior digital solutions.
Intermediate proficiency in programming – minimum of 3 courses completed
Strong interest in technology and innovation
Working knowledge of common programming languages (i.e., Java, C#, Javascript, Python, C/C++, Unix, SQL, etc.)
Understanding of agile methodologies (i.e. Scrum, TDD, devOps)
Excellent problem solving and trouble-shooting skills
Ability to work independently and adapt quickly to new technologies/systems
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Computer Engineering and other related fields of study with expected graduation dates between December 2021 through Summer 2022 (Start dates either January 2022 or Summer 2022) preferred
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher
Applicants must not now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status to work in the United States

Application Process:
At Northern Trust, we place a huge value on “fit” – our clients, the services we provide, the technology we create, and most importantly, the people we hire.
As an applicant to an Early Career role, we want to get to know you - what you value, how you solve problems, what you aspire to, and whether we’re a good “fit” for your skills and career goals. To help us understand your “fit” for a role with us we ask you to complete a few stages:

Stage 1 – Online Application.
Click on Apply for Job and complete your online application where we ask you for personal information, academic history and check your eligibility.
Stage 2 – Interview.
If you are selected to move forward in the process for the role you have applied to, you will then be invited to participate in interview(s) where we will ask you some competency/behavioral based questions and give you an opportunity to ask us some questions.
Keep an eye on your email, including your spam folders. We also recommend adding NorthernTrust@invalidemail.com and Campusrecruiting@ntrs.com to your safe sender list so you do not miss important emails.
Northern Trust is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please email us at myhrhelp@ntrs.com.
Good luck, we are looking forward to learning more about you."}3.8}1241
30}Data Modeler - Solution Analyst - USDC - Location Open}Deloitte}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=892761fea7a7dd1c&fccid=9e215d88a6b33622&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""614adf61-0913-4555-9485-22f237d3d94c"")>"}Temporarily Remote in Chicago, IL 60606 60606}"Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology - a solutions builder, a roll-up-your-sleeves technologist who wants a daily collaborative environment, think-tank feel and share new ideas with your colleagues - without the extensive demands of travel? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center - we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center.

Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Read more about our opportunity below ...

Work you'll do/Responsibilities

To support the development of quantitative models to forecast potential losses of a future financial crisis

The Team

Analytics & Cognitive

In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment.

The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets.

Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to:


Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms.
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions.
Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements.



Qualifications

Required


Hands-on experience with data modeling, creating and maintaining data dictionaries.
Experience working within software development environment including design, development, testing of applications. Experience with various software tools e.g., Python, PL/SQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL.
Experience conducting detail inventory and mapping of existing data flows, data models, interfaces, ETL mappings.
Experience supporting existing interfaces bug-fixes, review data mapping and enhancements.
Experience GitHub/GitLab/JIRA and other release management software.
Travel up to 10% (While 10% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice).
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.
Must have and be able to maintain the required clearance for this role.
Must have Active Secret Clearance.
Travel up to 10% annually.


Preferred

Experience with AWS cloud services is preferred.

How you'll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.

Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits.

#Remote #Virtual"}4}10511
31}Business Analyst Associate}Northwestern University}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f8141981653ceb8d&fccid=bc51f56762438d6f&vjs=3}}Evanston, IL}"The associate business analyst generates and maintains reports and collaborates with members of the team and our clients across Alumni Relations and Development to drive various projects and data initiatives forward. Identifies data needs, documents the requirements, creates back-end queries, tests the code, quality checks the results, and delivers the final product. Monitors the request in-take and completes various ad-hoc or recurring data requests.
Specific Responsibilities:
Strategic Planning
Collaborates with analysts, end users, and peers to develop workflows and best practices to ensure that user requirements are gathered, analyzed, all gaps are documented, and all deliverables completed (adhering to approved methodology and documentation standards).
Assists in all stages of the project, starting from the initial planning stages.
Works with various stakeholders to identify business relevant data and serves as an in-house data consultant
Administration
Responds to inquiries by monitoring the ticketing system
Creates and maintains requirements/code/process/support documentation.
Participates in team/project meetings.
Prioritizes assigned tasks
Development
Develops reports.
Gathers functional and business requirements and rapidly translates information into a working set of dashboards and management reports
Utilizes SQL as a backend querying tool to help build reports and analyze trends and patters found in complex data sets
Develops data visualizations in Tableau based on analysis and interpretation of data using SQL and Excel
Performs thorough QA on reports and identifies and troubleshoots data discrepancies/quality issues that need further review
Performance
Applies critical thinking and objective analysis to data sets, identify data trends, highlight anomalies, and provides constructive data-informed insights to teams
Works closely with other analysts/developers on the team to understand business needs and ARD reporting standards
Miscellaneous
Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
Successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher degree; OR appropriate combination of education and experience.
Please see information highlighted below.
Enterprise Applications
Cognos BI
Ellucian/SunGard Advance
OnBase
Infrastructure
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Access, Outlook)
Oracle and Oracle RAC
SQL
Windows Operating System
Programming Languages and Frameworks
PL/SQL
Analytical
Critical thinking
Data mining
Data modeling
Decision making
Judgment
Problem solving
Troubleshooting
Project
Agile environment
Collaboration and teamwork
Organizational skills
Planning
Minimum Competencies: (Skills, knowledge, and abilities.)
Motivated self-starter, displays initiative and able to work independently and collaboratively as part of a team.
Strong analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving experience.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Time management and priority setting skills.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with data cleansing
Experience with Python, Tableau, GitHub
Experience with predictive analytics/data science
Preferred Competencies: (Skills, knowledge, and abilities)
Intermediate SQL and Excel skills
Benefits:
At Northwestern, we are proud to provide meaningful, competitive, high-quality health care plans, retirement benefits, tuition discounts and more! Visit us at https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/benefits/index.html to learn more.
Work-Life and Wellness:
Northwestern offers comprehensive programs and services to help you and your family navigate life’s challenges and opportunities, and adopt and maintain healthy lifestyles.
We support flexible work arrangements where possible and programs to help you locate and pay for quality, affordable childcare and senior/adult care. Visit us at https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/benefits/work-life/index.html to learn more.
Professional Growth & Development:
Northwestern supports employee career development in all circumstances whether your workspace is on campus or at home. If you’re interested in developing your professional potential or continuing your formal education, we offer a variety of tools and resources. Visit us at https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/learning/index.html to learn more.

Northwestern requires all staff and faculty to be vaccinated against COVID-19, subject to limited exceptions. For more information, please visit our COVID-19 and Campus Updates website.
The Northwestern campus sits on the traditional homelands of the people of the Council of Three Fires, the Ojibwe, Potawatomi, and Odawa as well as the Menominee, Miami and Ho-Chunk nations. We acknowledge and honor the original people of the land upon which Northwestern University stands, and the Native people who remain on this land today."}4.1}540
32}Finance Analytics Data Engineer}MARS}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=87e24493d04495ba&fccid=6f49e88f14c18b75&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""95089d7f-dd59-45a6-9cdf-37bc1f99b600"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60601 60601
(Loop area)"}"Keeping the data flowing and readily available to solve problems that need immediate solutions is core to what you’ll do across Finance. Your passion for big data challenges around innovation, emerging technologies and legacy environments drives your desire to design and implement next-gen solutions to traditional business challenges. You’re ready to step up and take charge of developing data-driven processes that improve the functionality for your stakeholders across Finance and result in leaner operations, processes and profitability.
What are we looking for?
Experience preferred within a Big Data Azure environment
Experience with cloud, container and micro service infrastructures
Technical expertise with emerging Big Data technologies, such as: Python, Scala, Spark, Hadoop, Clojure, Git, Flink, Elasticsearch, SQL, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, and DNB (databricks); visualization tools: Tableau and PowerBI
A Bachelors in Computer Sciences or similar disciplines
What will be your key responsibilities?
Developing well-designed modular code that’s usable and easily maintained
Creating proprietary internal libraries of shareable functions to establish a standardization for engineering work
Engineering data-centric solutions from scratch through the incorporation of ongoing emerging technologies
Working with an untamed data lake and turning into highly functional, pristine data sources
Staying abreast of emerging technologies, architecture patterns, programming languages and ML algorithms and assuming the mentorship and training of other team members
Strong partnership and collaboration within the Finance Analytics Hub - Business Translators, Data Scientists, Agile Delivery teams and 3rd party contractors.
What can you expect from Mars?
Work with over 130,000 like-minded and talented Associates, all guided by The Five Principles.
Join a purpose driven company, where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow, today.
Best-in-class learning and development support from day one, including access to our in-house Mars University.
An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including company bonus
#LI-HA1"}3.8}1939
33}Software Technical Lead}Home Partners of America Inc}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b2b0ca1e29215f4e&fccid=21c66b67d73df4bd&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""1802e593-6d13-4d86-a4b3-6da5209aa345"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60606 60606
(West Loop Gate area)"}"Our Company
Use for HPA:
Home Partners of America, A Blackstone Portfolio Company, is an owner and operator of high-quality, single-family, residential homes. Our mission is to help more people get into great homes, in the neighborhoods they love, while preserving the opportunity to build a more secure financial future. This commitment to making homeownership a reality is made possible through a unique business model that leverages data and analytic capabilities on Home Partners’ technology-enabled operating platform. We are a diverse, equitable, and inclusive organization poised for growth and expansion and are looking to hire passionate and energetic employees.

Responsibilities:

Take ownership of SAAS software product operation as Admin
Customize, modifies, and makes minor repairs to the existing software systems.
Resolves tickets representing staff-generated technical requests or problems and troubleshoots technical and process issues to maintain productivity.
Maintains system functionality by testing computer components.
Consults with users to determine appropriate software needs and assists in placing orders.
Maximizes computer systems capabilities by studying technical applications and making recommendations.
Tests compatibility of new programs with existing ones.
Confirms program objectives and specifications by testing new programs, comparing them with established standards, and making modifications.
Evaluates vendor-supplied software by studying user objectives and testing software compatibility with existing programs.
Trains users on new software in person or through a variety of tutorial channels, including self-guided training videos, user manuals, and digital instruction pages, often in collaboration with technical writers.
Maintains system capability by testing computer components.
Carries out software, network, and database performance tuning.
Documents software updates.
Keeps up to date on technical advancements by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, and participating in professional societies.
Prepares reference material for users by drafting operation instructions
Requirements:

Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
The ability to communicate technical information in an accessible manner to non-technical employees.
A process improvement mindset.
Software maintenance and testing capability.
Vendor relations.
Basic knowledge of networking principles and operating systems.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Customer-service focus.
Collaborative mindset.
Hands-on problem-solving ability.
Knowledge of AWS Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure services.
Knowledge of script languages such as Python, JavaScript, Java, C#, etc.
Knowledge of Low-Code/No-Code.

Home Partners of America and Pathlight Property Management are Equal Opportunity Employers and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind. All employment decisions including the decision to hire, promote, discipline, or discharge are based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, or sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability status, genetic information, veteran, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations in which we operate."}}
34}Staff Software Engineer, Applications Operations - Opportunity for Working Remotely Chicago, IL}VMware}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1a0eff7f29c5d9f4&fccid=c762a27145bd166e&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""ecf87a0b-8d8d-434c-9b75-e99a06ce146e"")>"}"Remote in Chicago, IL
+1 location"}"Come join the Buildpacks team at VMware and help us build the next generation of tools for creating container images at-scale for the world’s largest enterprises. The Cloud Native Buildpacks project (CNB) is an open source project currently incubating in the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF). In this role you will contribute to the Paketo project, developing best-in-class buildpacks and fostering a growing open source community. You will also develop commercial buildpacks for use in Tanzu Build Service and other Tanzu products.
In this role you will:
Contribute to the Paketo Buildpacks project (mostly in Golang)
Support the community by triaging incoming issues and feature requests
Providing help and guidance to users and new contributor
Participate in the design of new features and improvements to Paketo and Tanzu buildpacks
Build automation to ensure that we are always shipping the latest
Be a steward of code quality, ensuring a high standards of readability, maintainability, security, and performance.
Desired Skills & Experience
You have a passion for DevOps and DevSecOps. You know that a great developer experience and operational maturity don’t need to be in conflict and you are excited to build the tools that prove it. Whether you are a generalist who has broad experience with many language ecosystems or a specialist with deep experience in a single language, you understand the needs of application developers and are passionate about making their lives easier. You sweat the details. Developers trust you to help them get applications to production safely and you take that responsibility seriously. Above all, you are a team player, and you judge your success by the success of the project and the happiness of our customers and users.
Experience coding in Golang
Experience with Docker or other container runtimes
Experience writing automated tests, preferably TDD
Experience in Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment methodologies
A solid understanding of Linux and linux software packaging
DevOps or DevSecOps experience
Additional Qualifications:
Expertise in one or more of the following areas
Developing web applications with NodeJS and/or Ruby
Developing .Net Core applications
Developing software for data science and/or machine learning use cases with Python and/or R
Containerizing applications for Windows
Experience using buildpacks or other container build tools (e.g. Dockerfile, kaniko, buildkit, jib, s2i, ko)
Prior contributions to open source products

This job may require the candidate to comply with travel restrictions and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.

Category : Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience: Business Leadership
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2022-03-04

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."}4.1}933
35}Assistant Operations Research Analyst}Argonne National Laboratory}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=da6f4477544cc302&fccid=5d1506a5df73a48e&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""f21d18c3-8c18-4dd2-9685-bc7b4b615721"")>"}Lemont, IL 60439 60439}"Basic Purpose
To apply mathematical and statistical expertise to ongoing analytic efforts related to critical infrastructure security and resilience, national preparedness, and disaster response and recovery operations.
Applicants should be well-versed in the development and use of various statistical models and techniques, as well as a range of analytical and visualization software/programming languages.
This work includes developing and applying methodologies, tools, and techniques to support policy and operational decision-making.
In this position you will:
Conducts research on infrastructure systems and emergency management to support quantitative analysis of risk drivers, optimization factors, and cost-benefit tradeoffs related to security and resilience.
Works with data sets of different size/scale/completeness to address challenging, non-routine analytic questions, applying a range of appropriate methods.
Supports full spectrum of data analysis pipeline including data gathering, processing, analysis, and management.
Solves complex problems via a combination of analytic judgment and proven analytic practices.
Develops new analytic tools and datasets.
Position Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, data science, operations research, computer science, economics, or related field required; Master’s degree preferred.
Knowledge of mathematical modeling and statistical analysis techniques and applications.
Skill in using a variety of data analysis/visualization software and tool sets.
Skill in developing, managing, and using relational databases.
Experience with a range of programming languages (e.g., Python, JavaScript, R, SQL) and associated libraries.
Skill in applying analytic techniques to different technical domains.
Skill in working effectively in a team.
Skill in written and oral communication.
Skill in communicating complex problems and solutions to a variety of audiences.
Other:
A successful candidate must have the ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact, Safety, Respect, Integrity, and Teamwork.
Selected candidate will be required to obtain and maintain a clearance and must be a U.S. citizen.
Job Family
Research Development (RD)
Job Profile
Infrastructure Assurance Analysis 2
Worker Type
Regular
Time Type
Full time
As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment.
Please note that all Argonne employees are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19. All successful applicants will be required to provide their COVID-19 vaccination verification as a condition of employment, subject to limited legally recognized exemptions to COVID-19 vaccination."}4.3}209
36}Quantitative Analyst}S&P Global}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=990b830025a4b8a7&fccid=b716e44d2c6283e7&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""25c3e8a1-d74a-4584-8268-cc1e48fcff71"")>"}Chicago, IL}"IHS Markit (NASDAQ: INFO) is a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions for the major industries and markets that drive economies worldwide. The company delivers next-generation information, analytics and solutions to customers in business, finance and government, improving their operational efficiency and providing deep insights that lead to well-informed, confident decisions. IHS Markit has more than 50,000 key business and government customers, including 80 percent of the Fortune Global 500 and the world’s leading financial institutions. Headquartered in London, IHS Markit is committed to sustainable, profitable growth.
Team Overview:
The Research Signals group provides independent research and investment consulting services to the institutional asset management community. The group designs and develops individual factors and multi-factor models across a range of asset classes by applying a systematic evaluation process to a variety of fundamental, technical, and industry-specific data sources.
Position Summary:
As a Quantitative Analyst with IHS Markit, you will be responsible for conducting research in all areas surrounding the investment management process including alpha generation, risk management, portfolio construction and trade execution, as well as documenting results in reports and reading, assessing and authoring write-ups of analyst papers. The successful candidate will effectively complete research assignments and consulting projects as assigned and communicate results internally and externally. The analyst is also responsible for coordinating the nightly production process between research and IT teams.
Role Requirements:
To be considered for this opportunity, candidates should demonstrate the following education, skills and experience:
Advanced degree in Finance, Mathematics, Statistics or related quantitative discipline, MBA and/or enrolled in CFA program preferred
1-2 years industry work or relevant internship experience in a quantitative environment, including knowledge of equity investment strategies, backtesting and optimization
Strong programming aptitude, with experience in Matlab, Python, or R preferred
Prior experience with SQL or other database knowledge is preferred
Experience with machine learning a plus
-
Inclusion and diversity are critical to the success of IHS Markit, and we actively encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected category. For more information on the many ways in which we enthusiastically support inclusion and diversity efforts for both candidates and employees, please access our Inclusion & Diversity Statement here .
We are proud to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with IHS Markit and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please contact or call +1 212 849 0399. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are considered on a case-by-case basis. This contact information (email and phone) is intended for application assistance and accommodation requests only. We are unable to accept resumes or provide information about application status through the phone number or email address above. Resumes are only accepted through the online application process, and only qualified candidates will receive consideration and follow-up.
IHS Markit maintains a substance-free workplace; employees may be asked to submit to a drug test (where permitted by law). In addition, in order to comply with applicable federal, state, and local vaccine mandates (including those in place for US federal contractors), US employees may be required to provide proof of being fully vaccinated, unless they have been approved for an accommodation due to a medical reason, a sincerely held religious belief or another legally protected reason. T he company also participates in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work in the US.
For information please click on the following links:
IHS Markit Business Code of Conduct
Right to Work
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law Supplement
Pay Transparency
-
Current Colleagues
If you are currently employed by IHS Markit, please apply internally via the Workday internal careers site."}3.9}1374
37}Trading Analyst}Flack Global Metals}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ea9debe8707ae6f6&fccid=e166376f6cbcc034&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""9ff637ca-0fdc-4c81-8c97-5bb4b7c5fd75"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60602 60602
(The Loop area)"}"Trading Analyst
Department: Risk Management
Location: FGM Office
(Chicago, Scottsdale, Cleveland, Atlanta)
Remote Potential
FLSA Status: Exempt
Travel: Minimal
Reporting to the Managing Director
Flack Global Metals is looking to hire an analytically minded Trading Analyst. We are looking for a hardworking, entrepreneurial, detail-oriented individual who is interested in joining our rapidly expanding Risk Management group at the forefront of the steel trading industry. As a Trading Analyst, you will be responsible for maintaining the systems that track and report the group’s derivative positions; learning about financial markets from an experienced team of traders; running statistical and quantitative analysis to assist team in portfolio management and decision making; and work with the Economic Research group to analyze steel markets and how they are affected by macroeconomic events. Flack is an extremely flat and entrepreneurial organization which permits access to key decision makers and the potential for rapid career growth. The Trading Analyst role allows for advancement into either a trading and/or risk management position.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned as necessary.
Work with traders and risk managers to ensure workflows are functioning and procedures are followed
Help the team quantify insights and run statistical analysis to manage portfolio risk, identify investment opportunities, and make trading decisions
Learn trading strategies and risk management techniques to contribute to group decision making
Manage back office and daily trade reconciliation, ensuring timely and accurate position reporting
Contribute to department’s research through assisting in the construction of the Week Over Week report
Work with various members of the Business Intelligence Group to help maintain and improve the Front, Middle, and Back Office systems, with an eye towards automating procedures and improving workflows
REQUIREMENTS FOR SUCCESS
Undergraduate degree in a quantitative field; economics, mathematics, finance, computer science, statistics, or related field
Strong analytical, quantitative, problem solving, and statistical skillsets
Entrepreneurially minded and self-starter – you have the ability to create your own opportunities
Applied experience with statistical tools analyzing large data sets including R, Matlab, or similar
Applied experience in C++/Python or similar, preferred OR
Progress towards CFA, preferred
Interest in financial markets, fundamental analysis, and statistical analysis, with desire to develop trading experience
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES
This position has no supervisory responsibility."}4}6
38}Cyber Forensics Specialist}BC}https://www.indeed.com/company/Photon/jobs/Cyber-Forensic-Specialist-4a16089c6825e129?fccid=b901e11a6275083e&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""497d346c-07ec-4ada-9065-a7989662fa9a"")>"}Hybrid remote in Chicago, IL 60617 60617}"Job Title: Cyber Forensics Specialist
Job Location: Chicago, IL / Richardson & Dallas TX (Partial Remote)
Job Type: Permanent
Required Job Qualifications:
Experience with detecting and responding to cybersecurity threats in a complex organization.
Knowledge of operating systems (Windows, *NIX and MacOS), log analysis and forensic tools.
Experience in malware analysis or malware reverse engineering.
Knowledge of business portfolios.
Knowledge of business operations including products and services.
Oral and written communications.
Problem solving / analytical skills.
Understanding of cyber-attack infrastructure, including computer systems and networks.
Experience in computer investigations or general computer forensics.
Experience in analysis of TCP/IP network communication protocols, packet capture, log data, and network devices.
Familiarity with Cyber-attack technology related platforms and tools.
Experience with chain of custody concepts.
Awareness of the Cyber Kill Chain, MITRE ATT&CK Framework, and Intelligence Driven Defense.
Teamwork and collaboration.
Organized and detail oriented.
Analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to work under stress in emergencies.
Customer focus and the ability to manage customer expectations.
Preferred Job Qualifications:
· Bachelor’s OR Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or another related field. Or equivalent work experience and industry related certifications.
· Experience using knowledge of threat actor TTPs, MITRE ATT&CK framework, and the cyber-attack life cycle in the digital investigation’s life cycle.
· Experience with Powershell, Python, or other scripting language and its application to incident handling and digital investigations
· In-depth knowledge in at least one of these areas
· Network traffic analysis and network security monitoring concept and technologies
· Malware/suspicious file triage, analysis, and IOC extraction
· Endpoint and memory analysis knowledge across multiple operating systems
· Experience using a variety of digital data sources to conduct analysis and deliver forensic reports
· Knowledge of cyber security incident investigation concepts and process
· Experience operating in a complex environment such as a large corporate enterprise
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,000.00 - $126,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Location: One location
Speak with the employer
+91 7022358783"}}
39}Member of Technical Staff - NSX Controller - Opportunity for Working Remotely Chicago, IL}VMware}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5ae1345f926b5569&fccid=c762a27145bd166e&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""be36b8f9-8aff-4127-8a10-e2ac43a75b67"")>"}"Chicago, IL
+1 location"}"Why will you enjoy this new opportunity?
The NSX Controller is an advanced distributed state management system that programs the NSX virtual networks, overlay transport tunnels and security. The NSX team is part of the Advanced Networking and Security Business Unit that has quickly grown to over a billion dollar business over the past 7 years, yet it still feels a lot like a startup. You’ll be part of a bright engineering team that values open communication, learning, empowerment, innovation, teamwork and customer success. We are looking for engineers with a growth mindset who want to expand our existing feature set and work on new features that help our customers in the Cloud.
Success in the Role: What are the performance outcomes over the first 6-12 months you will work toward completing?
The NSX Controller is the central component that programs the virtual network, making it critical to our customers’ ability to run and modify their networks. You will design and develop features in Java, Golang or Python for our distributed software virtualization environment while providing excellent security, performance and reliability.
In the first 30 days you will learn the basics of how the NSX Controller works, set up your build environment, and start working with your mentor on a feature aspect or debugging an issue in an existing feature.
In the first 90 days you will work with your mentor and deliver a product feature. You will deliver code with high test coverage that runs in our continuous integration environment and help the team debug and resolve integration issues. You will instrument and tune the new feature for performance and scale.
In the first 180 days our customers will use the feature you helped deliver, and you will be working out any issues. You will expand your knowledge of the system to work in new areas.
After the first year, you will expand your working knowledge of the product and start to work in more areas of the Controller code.
The Work: What type of work will you be doing? What assignments, requirements, or skills will you be performing on a regular basis?
You will participate in many creative projects, with the freedom and scope to apply your expertise in a dynamic and technically driven environment. In a typical day you might investigate a technical issue, work through design approaches with your peers, make the Controller easier to support at customer sites, dig into an area of code you want to improve, or puzzle out how to scale the product while keeping the code tight and clean. You will put these skills to use:
Strong analytical, debugging and troubleshooting skills.
Knowledge of testing methodologies and a real passion for building quality products.
Eagerness to contribute to winning as a team
Less than two years’ experience building software solutions in fast paced engineering environment using Java or C++
What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like?
The team's leadership has a strong technical background and seeks to deliver new functionality while helping our team members achieve their career goals. Our engineering team members share a strong focused work ethic and a make-it-happen mindset. The team values learning and innovation while keeping a strong focus on quality in a continuous integration environment with high test coverage. We keep a growth mindset and are constantly improving.
Where is this role located?
Flexible: The role is considered flexible and will be a mix of working from a local VMware office and remote depending on your preferences and the arrangements determined with your future manager. You will be expected to live within a reasonable non-daily commute of the office
What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware?
You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights, or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types
Generous Time Off Programs
40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community
Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities
Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.)
Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing classes

This job may require the candidate to comply with travel restrictions and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.

Category : Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2022-03-07
Networking & Security: IT departments are spending more on security than ever before, but the damage caused by data breaches keeps getting worse. To solve this problem, VMware’s Networking and Security team is challenging traditional thinking about IT security. We take a software-based approach that brings customers new levels of usability and effectiveness in today’s fast-changing public and private cloud environments. We’re tackling one of IT’s toughest problems by helping customers manage networking and security services through a single pane of glass across diverse environments. Our software solutions free IT environments from physical constraints to help them achieve superior agility, tighter security, and faster provisioning. Are you looking for the opportunity to help revolutionize IT security? We invite you to join our tightly knit team that’s driven to quickly deliver top-quality solutions to this pressing industry problem. You’ll boost your career by working on cutting-edge innovations in the cloud, security, networking, SD-WAN, and container spaces.

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."}4.1}933
40}Senior Software Engineer, Ruby/Clojure}DRW Trading Group}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5bc09d05317d4104&fccid=42ccd87a2c182a30&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""95ee3608-ff23-4bd1-8c04-c0d84a31a829"")>"}Chicago, IL}"Job Location
Chicago
Employment type
Regular
Department
Technology
Targeted Start Date
Immediate
DRW is a diversified trading firm with over 3 decades of experience bringing sophisticated technology and exceptional people together to operate in markets around the world. We value autonomy and the ability to quickly pivot to capture opportunities, so we operate using our own capital and trading at our own risk.
Headquartered in Chicago with offices throughout the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Asia, we trade a variety of asset classes including Fixed Income, ETFs, Equities, FX, Commodities and Energy across all major global markets. We have also leveraged our expertise and technology to expand into three non-traditional strategies: real estate, venture capital and cryptoassets.
We operate with respect, curiosity and open minds. The people who thrive here share our belief that it’s not just what we do that matters–it's how we do it. DRW is a place of high expectations, integrity, innovation and a willingness to challenge consensus.
Who we are
At DRW, we have a strong culture that values feedback, curiosity, a solid work/life balance, and evolving with modern techniques. We use the best language for the job, including Java, Ruby, Clojure, JavaScript, C++, and Python. Our employees are constantly learning and engaged through technical white papers, geek lunches, and working with financial industry experts. We have a need for innovation as we navigate the quirkiness of trading.
Who you are
You can work alone but prefer working as a team
You want to own the technology impact on the business
You care more about learning and solving the problem than being right
You champion best practices while using fewer tools
You focus on reliability, scalability, and maintainability
You enjoy designing, modeling, and programming regardless of the language set
You crave and provide actionable feedback
What you will be working on
You'll be helping DRW manage its funds efficiently by developing and maintaining simple and robust data pipelines written mostly in Ruby and Clojure that perform complex analysis on all of the firm's and some of the market's data.
You'll care about interest rates, charges, trade limits, risk based limits, liquidity, and much more.
You'll be using some calculation engines you write and some that are provided by third parties.
You'll get to find innovative ways to integrate disparate technologies and provide real and valuable insights to the business.
You'll decide which data needs to be up-to-the-second actionable and which data needs to be curated over long periods to gain daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly insights.
You'll enable the communication mechanism for that data whether it be alerting, dashboards, ad-hoc querying, or complex data visualization.
You'll work closely with your customers inside the firm to bring reliable, concrete, and introspect-able numbers to fuel their deep industry expertise."}4.6}9
41}Trading Analyst}Premier Staffing Solution}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DzWtmiExGxS0U5wIHmWIZv6yDvtzDvTPrSV5PEx34uYJyXvZTQjkxKUsxe27h3ONu9KAwxewAXNc_PqSPXGZMf2FyA0B8ne9HZPJOisl-tO39DfAyN98KbzvEieathJKqNWYNqGzf7s61rRuHF1ppNoD4pk8w2NrSmM-y1ReG4_C8JZ9iyne6PU9p0PJmfsWswJcPHEEPX3a7DkVoKNNVhF14O908nf6wvTxivgpUVAqAcarl-RJTm1mcm50t034DRtZrkf6J71G3xJa5sRCiS1glx1r_mp592kBJ2BnPVXcPdYZmJgIsvWM-XIFF24HeGYzPqmmCFtqZt_cG4pmFIfHw7461b4RYVvRl4hh6xGcSq7iasUVrX6gFB14A6OqWdx7kAOB0nxm_hjXJXz1PqxTzYJQQgYTiDnoX2aW3Tix7Rv4UHjjLREp9Rs4gF0EEHh0wKMme4YfaqFmbx0niK0Q8r-aizBjKu0k7j1T27HU8whnU4kaPfBpF47JJj2WDw3F95b9UNmnOrmSuV4ZwSWryKneJUJO-d9l3riVfxnOvW8EWqw-GHHyGQx-IJRa0L4klRNGu6nuP-VTb_4h08CHkqqr_g1jUP4GWc8s0YaLSk4MZpJRFX&p=41&fvj=1&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""6ed4b898-db86-4658-9c3c-9b1bfb2f650a"")>"}Chicago, IL}"Position: Trading Analyst
Locations: Kennesaw, GA; Scottsdale, AZ; Cleveland, OH; Chicago, IL
Duration: Full-time, Direct-hire
Compensation: $60k-80k DOE
Summary: Our client is looking for a reliable, experienced Trading Analyst to join their amazing team! In this role, you will be responsible for maintaining the systems that track and report the group’s derivative positions; learning about financial markets from an experienced team of traders; running statistical and quantitative analysis to assist team in portfolio management and decision making; and work with the Economic Research group to analyze steel markets and how they are affected by macroeconomic events.
Responsibilities:
Work with traders and risk managers to ensure workflows are functioning and procedures are followed
Help the team quantify insights and run statistical analysis to manage portfolio risk, identify investment opportunities, and make trading decisions
Learn trading strategies and risk management techniques to contribute to group decision making
Manage back office and daily trade reconciliation, ensuring timely and accurate position reporting
Contribute to department’s research through assisting in the construction of the Week Over Week report
Work with various members of the Business Intelligence Group to help maintain and improve the Front, Middle, and Back Office systems, with an eye towards automating procedures and improving workflows
Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree in a quantitative field; economics, mathematics, finance, computer science, statistics, or related field
Strong analytical, quantitative, problem solving, and statistical skillsets
Entrepreneurially minded and self-starter – you have the ability to create your own opportunities
Applied experience with statistical tools analyzing large data sets including R, Matlab, or similar
Applied experience in C++/Python or similar, preferred OR
Progress towards CFA, preferred
Interest in financial markets, fundamental analysis, and statistical analysis, with desire to develop trading experience
Experience in the steel or metal industry or service center industry preferred
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Application Question(s):
Please provide a personal email address and phone number.
Work Location: Multiple Locations"}}
42}Big Data Engineer - Opportunity for Working Remotely Chicago, IL}VMware}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5ca94c139e79a9e9&fccid=c762a27145bd166e&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""8c778fd0-3008-4b1e-af31-e7c18903f2f4"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL}"Job Description
The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity?
VMware, the global leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure, delivers customer-proven solutions that accelerate IT by reducing complexity and enabling more flexible, agile service delivery. A socially responsible company with a vision to imagine, design, and create a better world who is also recognized as top places to work for in Silicon Valley.
We are looking for talented Data Engineer who is excited about redefining, reimagining, and contributing towards building a modern data infrastructure. We believe data engineering is about harnessing the power of data, built on solid foundation of software engineering, data modeling, devops skills & more. We recognize that you may have varied mix of skills, experiences & strengths, be it, big data, cloud data warehouse, stream processing or data modeling. We want to talk to you.
Success in the Role: What are the performance goals over the first 6-12 months you will work toward completing?
As a Data Engineer, you will build end-to-end analytical solutions that are highly scalable, performant, secure, and resilient. You rely on sound judgement, critical thinking, and creativity to deliver customer-focused data solutions that create meaningful business impact. You are experienced with various patterns of data ingestion, processing, and curation. You understand criticality of data quality, security & governance practices and are adept at it. You design solutions with strategic and long-term focus on code quality, reliability, reusability, maintainability and dataops. You are experienced in building efficient and scalable data services.
What type of work will you be doing? What assignments, requirements, or skills will you be performing on a regular basis?
Work closely with Product owners/ Leads to understand the business requirements and convert them into Technical stories
Hands-on development work on all aspects of data analysis, data provisioning, modeling, performance tuning, and optimization.
Design, implement and operate large-scale, high-volume, high-performance data structures for analytics
Build solutions in Hadoop - HDFS, Hive, Sqoop, Spark, Kafka, MongoDB, Python
Perform data analysis using Python, complex SQLs, and other tools.
Data analysis in a wide variety of database technologies, from relational databases like Postgres, Oracle to NoSQL systems such as MongoDB, Elasticsearch, and can explain their varied use cases
Build scalable data pipelines for both real time and batch using best practices in data modeling, ETL/ELT processes utilizing various technologies such as Spark, Kafka, Python, Airflow, Informatica.
Understanding of any of the data visualizations & reporting tools like Tableau, SAP BOBJ and other open-source technologies.
Perform root cause analysis of issues that hinder the data quality. Work with data source owner to increase quality and accuracy of the source data.
Understand and influence best practices for observability & dataops.
Help continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service modeling and production support for customers.
Collaborate with engineers to drive best practices in code quality & reusability, data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation
What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like?
You will be joining the Data team, comprised of 90+ engineers spread throughout VMware offices including Palo Alto, CA, Austin, TX, India, and Costa Rica. This Data Engineer role will report to one of the leaders in the Data Engineering & Analytics team with extensive experience and business domain knowledge. The team culture is based on building trust, on-going development through coaching, and giving back to the community through service learning. We believe in creating a psychologically safe and inclusive workplace and building compassionate relationships with the people we work with.
“This job requisition is not eligible for employment-based immigration sponsorship by VMware.”
What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware?
You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights, or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types
Generous Time Off Programs
40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community
Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities
Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.)
Healthy and local inspired snacks in all our on-site pantries

This job may require the candidate to comply with travel restrictions and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.

Category : Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2022-03-02

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."}4.1}933
43}Entry Level Software Engineer}Next Step Systems}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CKgvS4s_uBktsKEiEAZi2bJDpOvi088CPgpgQhjoHx3cFehnhszuxm_8kPGNWKEI1GMjORjD0njs4DXTBPBkAb52YXcGrPdfwIFSI2__4J7H7GI_XN0Sbkdk13znNAVWu_jVBYh10rYaKhgWvwWyCaa85X0iDM__RVnrh2ORe4BPmEMCBoCScdUpZB7kYMinQJoUtQN-YFmsLk04hTmtZW6c6mttJ9RHE6CNYMO44xiXN5wyxCUcTwUvMLvCwl_H6RoOoylfLagvD-JsPdbpc-a900LHE3qKWLRkZCDIBS3xatIQV9uLjPVz1lPH0lqKTqHP8-ebRA3Kmo03ed5AvrCOE95aAjgxPi9w9T3aF9eQNB3Qih08dZtYyZC6FOlTv0U9HDp-in3qJoh3p9PBBtqYf1nuoNPeKtO7ONeFtgnTSN_qxJCj1TS2KE1C2GDremhtCTvG2Ht1s-d1TfZj5Fof1fcKcalnksWRW1ZtSveN6fxbvXjaIr4FkEmvU-cYSKnNGJMIKGKpaZBlaWT-LBK7fRjprM78ZpbZ5JBq82ZO1I-kD0_Zq_vLA6KDBTJetHC0JPO1MCOAjJ-AF8Y6MdKy5OxlqXiUY=&p=43&fvj=1&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""1babcc23-628e-41d2-a76c-ee77836c84df"")>"}Northbrook, IL}"Entry Level Software Engineer
This position is open to local Illinois candidates only and will not consider out of state/relocation candidates. Candidates must have completed a relevant software development internship to be considered.
The selected Software Engineer will become part of the team responsible for all of the company’s programming needs. Software Engineers and Applications Developers design, develop and maintain proprietary in-house solutions that support operations, financial modeling and portfolio management. Benefits include insurance assistance (medical, dental, vision), 401K plan, free lunch daily and free transportation from train station. This is the opportunity you have been looking for to launch your career!
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with other Software Engineers, as well as other appropriate members of the team, to design the functionality and user interface of each product.
Full stack software design using both front-end and back-end coding languages, development frameworks and third-party libraries.
Build, test and maintain these tools to guarantee all requirements are met.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (or currently enrolled) in Computer Science or related field.
0-2 years of experience.
Proficiency in compiled languages (Java, C++, etc.).
Experience in scripting languages (PHP, JavaScript, Python, etc.).
Knowledge of Databases (MySQL, SQL, etc.) and Linux.
Comprehension of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Familiarity of data integrity, regression, performance testing.
Excellence in problem solving and analysis.
Ability to organize, prioritize and multitask.
Basic understanding of financial markets.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Java: 1 year (Required)
Python: 1 year (Required)
Work Location: One location"}}
44}Solution Architect}Civis Analytics}https://www.indeed.com/company/Civis-Analytics/jobs/Solution-Architect-fc347faabe21b89a?fccid=9cc9b2d0f4635fc3&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""9552559a-8e10-4b2d-b194-669a74d4fc41"")>"}Temporarily Remote in Chicago, IL}"Solution Architect Job Description
What we do
At Civis, we take a science-first approach to solving business problems using person-level data. With a blend of proprietary technology and statistical advisory services, we help public and private sector organizations find, understand and connect with the people they care about, so they can stop guessing and start using mathematical proof to guide decisions. We know others use ""data science"" and ""analytics"" as buzzwords, but at Civis we don't stand for fluff, and we will always deliver scalable products and technologies — not PowerPoints — to drive your business forward. Learn more about Civis at www.civisanalytics.com.
Our mission
Our mission is to bring objective, data-driven truth to organizational decision-making – all the way from the boardroom to the world's largest social causes.
All employees either must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, initiate vaccination before your start date, or file an exemption request prior to start date per company policy for review. Due to the uncertainty of COVID-19, all Civis offices are closed and employees are remote until further notice. This is being closely monitored as the situation evolves. Although it's likely our offices will reopen, positions hired outside of Civis office locations will be remote roles.
What we are looking for
We're looking for a Solution Architect who will help to design and deliver data science solutions to Civis clients as part of the sales and implementation process.
The Solution Architecture team implements, configures and manages the delivery of Civis Analytics' data science software to ensure successful user adoption and high organizational impact. They also support software sales by scoping complex deliveries, leading demos, and POCs as a part of 'team sport' sales business development efforts.
The Solution Architect works closely with cross-functional teams across the company - including Applied Data Science, Engineering, Product, and Sales - to optimize client outcomes from software delivery. The Solutions Architect reports to the Solution Architect Lead.
In this role, you will:
Demonstrate Civis's data science solutions to prospects
Gather the client's technical and business requirements and partner with sales team members to design and propose solutions
Guide prospective clients through technical evaluations of our Civis solutions
Complete implementations of our Civis Platform and partner with Client Success to ensure successful handoff
Onboard new clients to Civis software through training, support, and guidance Define new solutions based on Civis's past client experiences and helping to bring those solutions to market in a repeatable fashion
Support the Solution Architect Lead by mentoring junior team members within their practice
Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
1-2 years of implementation, solution architect, or similar project management experience
Prior experience scoping solutions and providing product demonstrations Ability to communicate technical concepts to a range of non-technical business users as well as client technical stakeholders
Appropriate understanding of technical concepts and when to pull in technical experts Proven track record of driving projects to successful completion, on time and on budget. US work authorization required
Preferred qualifications
Expertise in a solution set that Civis offers
Experience with SQL, Tableau, ETL workflows, and data solutions.
Knowledge of Python or R - can troubleshoot and/or make customizations to existing code written by others
Knowledge of data science concepts
Who we are
At Civis, we have opportunities for applicants who are newcomers, seasoned professionals, and anywhere in between. Our teams are energized by complex challenges and value diversity of thought. Opportunities to stand out and inspire happen daily and we trust and encourage you to act on your ideas – no matter how big they are. We offer you the tools and community you need to do your best work. Each of us is committed to holding ourselves accountable for results, challenging the status quo and finding new ways to grow our company and each other.
Why join our team?
The opportunity to be part of a growing tech startup focused on solving interesting and meaningful problems, invested in internal promotion, and committed to fostering a diverse, equal and inclusive workplace.
Competitive benefits, including unlimited PTO, 401K match with immediate vesting, health, dental, and vision benefits, fully paid parental leave, breastfeeding support including breastmilk shipping services for traveling moms, commuter benefits, wellness initiatives including weekly group meditations, monthly on-site massage therapy, and pet insurance.
To support employees in our now fully remote work environment, we also have expanded our virtual journal and book clubs, Donut Pals (organized virtual coffee meet-ups), Lightning Talks (5-minute presentations on anything you'd like), Lunch-and-Learns, and HR Open Discussions (bi-weekly meet-up where we discuss ideas and topics of the day in a casual format). We are also able to support and accommodate flexible work from home schedules to help employees juggle responsibilities at home.
Civis embraces the individuality of our employees and we celebrate each other's differences. Our products, services, and culture benefit from and thrive on the unique perspectives brought by each person in our Civis community. We're proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, age, sex, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us internalrecruiting@civisanalytics.com.
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States.
EEO IS THE LAW
EEO Supplement
Pay Transparency
Job Type: Full-time"}}
45}AI Platform Solution Engineer}Deloitte}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=af76a0a390df3e9f&fccid=9e215d88a6b33622&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""29bf85ea-3e48-49d9-9fa4-b0b9f0d38852"")>"}"Chicago, IL 60606 60606
(The Loop area)"}"Do you have technical aptitude and enjoy engaging with prospective customers? Do you want to be part of a new and growing platform that is central to the AI strategy of a multi- billion dollar company? If so, and you thrive on building relationships and solving technical client issues, then this role is for you .

Work you'll do

The Solution Engineer supports the CortexAI Solution Architecture team to assess technical fit and provides technical subject matter expertise on Deloitte's AI Platform. This role is critical in contributing to the sales process, by implementing POCs that validates platform positioning and technical fit for client's use cases. The solution engineer must be able to understand and communicate effectively the benefits of using analytics tools and platforms (e.g. data wrangling, machine learning, data visualizations) to solve business problem . They must be able to help Deloitte Consulting teams to craft the right technology solution for a given project, and support the teams as they sell the solution to their clients.

Job Description
Support Solution Architect to assess technical fit
Develop customized demos for clients to validate platform positioning
Implement POCs to validate technical fit and integrations
Test and validate new features of the platform with consumption in mind
Create a repository of reusable artifacts that can be used by customers to accelerate the development of solutions
Work with CortexAI delivery lead during first 2 weeks of onboarding (hypercare ) to enable smooth transition from sales to delivery
Work with training team / support to improve documentation


The team

This role is a part of Innovation & Platforms, which is an organization within Deloitte Consulting whose goal is to build a culture of continuous innovation to drive profitable revenue through the identification and incubation of breakthrough ideas in cloud-based software and advanced analytics products and platforms.

Qualifications

Required:
5-8 years of relevant experience
Bachelor's degree
Strong programming skills, preferably in Python and SQL or Java Script .
Proficiency with schema design and data modeling.
Experience with designing and implementing ETL/Data pipeline.
Experience with one or more visualization tools ( e.g Tableau , Qlik, Looker)
Able to deliver effective prototypes or demonstrations in time constrained situations
Highly motivated, self-starter, detail and goal-oriented
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without need for employer sponsorship now, or at any time in the future.



Preferred:
Experience with one or more cloud platforms( AWS/GCP/Azure)
Experience with workflow management tools ( e.g. Airflow)
Experience using cloud native big data services ( e.g. AWS Glue, EMR, Redshift, Athena etc. ).
Experience with data analytics and data integration SaaS tools ( e.g. Databricks, Matillion )
Experience with Machine Learning SaaS tools or cloud native tools ( e.g. Data Robot, AWS Sage maker)
Working knowledge of Big Data tools ( e.g. Spark, Hive).
Strong business acumen and presentation skills


How you'll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center."}4}10511
46}Client Success Specialist}Civis Analytics}https://www.indeed.com/company/Civis-Analytics/jobs/Client-Success-Specialist-f415684b08e8fd96?fccid=9cc9b2d0f4635fc3&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""69d3590f-f84b-485b-9a77-ff466a6f3956"")>"}Temporarily Remote in Chicago, IL}"Client Success Specialist I
What we do
At Civis, we take a science-first approach to solving business problems using person-level data. With a blend of proprietary technology and statistical advisory services, we help public and private sector organizations find, understand and connect with the people they care about, so they can stop guessing and start using mathematical proof to guide decisions. We know others use ""data science"" and ""analytics"" as buzzwords, but at Civis we don't stand for fluff, and we will always deliver scalable products and technologies — not PowerPoints — to drive your business forward. Learn more about Civis at www.civisanalytics.com.
Our mission
Our mission is to bring objective, data-driven truth to organizational decision-making – all the way from the boardroom to the world's largest social causes.
All employees either must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, initiate vaccination before your start date, or file an exemption request prior to start date per company policy for review. Due to the uncertainty of COVID-19, all Civis offices are closed and employees are remote until further notice. This is being closely monitored as the situation evolves. Although it's likely our offices will reopen, positions hired outside of Civis office locations will be remote roles.
What we are looking for
As a Client Success Specialist I, you will be responsible to partner with a named list of Civis clients to enable their successful use of our software by driving their business objectives. You'll work with clients across a broad range of industries including advocacy, non-profit, media, and public sector. As the face of Civis Analytics for your clients, you will serve as the technical relationship manager to drive their software success.
You'll proactively create an engagement cadence to understand their use case, advocate for their challenges, and increase their adoption and engagement with our software. You will work as part of the Civis cross-functional team to enable the success of your clients through collaboration with Account Management, Product, Marketing and Engineering.
Minimum Qualifications
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
1-2 years experience as a Technical Account Manager or equivalent B2B client-facing experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proven ability to demonstrate empathy and advocacy for our clients needs
Stellar project management skills
Demonstrated success understanding client needs and mapping them to solutions
Experience with of SQL
US Work Authorization
Preferred qualifications
1+ years enterprise software/SaaS experience
Experience with Tableau, SQL, Python, and statistics
Experience with Salesforce, Zendesk, or other CRM tools
Experience in software training
Who we are
At Civis, we have opportunities for applicants who are newcomers, seasoned professionals, and anywhere in between. Our teams are energized by complex challenges and value diversity of thought. Opportunities to stand out and inspire happen daily and we trust and encourage you to act on your ideas – no matter how big they are. We offer you the tools and community you need to do your best work. Each of us is committed to holding ourselves accountable for results, challenging the status quo and finding new ways to grow our company and each other.
Why join our team?
The opportunity to be part of a growing tech startup focused on solving interesting and meaningful problems, invested in internal promotion, and committed to fostering a diverse, equal and inclusive workplace.
Competitive benefits, including unlimited PTO, 401K match with immediate vesting, health, dental, and vision benefits, fully paid parental leave, breastfeeding support including breastmilk shipping services for traveling moms, commuter benefits, wellness initiatives including weekly group meditations, monthly on-site massage therapy, and pet insurance.
To support employees in our now fully remote work environment, we also have expanded our virtual journal and book clubs, Donut Pals (organized virtual coffee meet-ups), Lightning Talks (5-minute presentations on anything you'd like), Lunch-and-Learns, and HR Open Discussions (bi-weekly meet-up where we discuss ideas and topics of the day in a casual format). We are also able to support and accommodate flexible work from home schedules to help employees juggle responsibilities at home.
Civis embraces the individuality of our employees and we celebrate each other's differences. Our products, services, and culture benefit from and thrive on the unique perspectives brought by each person in our Civis community. We're proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, age, sex, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us internalrecruiting@civisanalytics.com.
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States.
EEO IS THE LAW
EEO Supplement
Pay Transparency
Job Type: Full-time"}}
47}Quant Analyst - Model Validation}Morningstar}https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f1f5eef45b277944&fccid=acfb0b086b8f975d&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""156c6921-ecb3-43ec-8b32-89cf37828ffd"")>"}Chicago, IL}"As a Quant Analyst, Model Validation you would be involved in development of model validation frameworks for approved research products from prototype phase to a fully-fledged, scalable, and client-facing service. These research products leverage deep principles of Statistical, Machine Learning, AI and built on massive amounts of Financial datasets. Often, these services must be integrated into Morningstar’s platform of financial products, such as Direct, so that our clients can use these software tools in the investment decision-making process.
We are looking for an individual who possesses strong Econometric knowledge coupled with technical skills and leverage them to build efficient model verification frameworks for evolving FinTech solutions. Alongside the person should have a passion for investment research. This position reports to the Director of Technology, Quantitative Research of the Quantitative Research team.
Job Responsibilities:
Performing independent model validation and review of all Quant models (Risk Models, Morningstar Equity/Fund Ratings) and back end data points.
E2E verification (data, models) for a variety of analytics and machine learning/AI projects.
Checking stability, conceptual soundness, model assumptions, mathematical, statistical logic, etc.
Liaise between business, technical and modeling teams, senior management, and governance committees to build efficient model verification frameworks.
Develop codes in Python, SQL or similar languages and interface with Morningstar’s big databases to support model validation. Automate process to reduce human intervention.
Build rich dashboard to support Quality Checks(interactive/automated/visual) that improve the interpretability of predictive models and underlying data
Supporting model runs in model development process, research new methodologies.
Qualifications :
1 – 2 year experience in analyzing/ building financial models preferably in a FinTech environment.
Deep knowledge in Quantitative methods / econometrics/ statistics.
Strong in Regression analysis, Time series Analysis, optimization.
Knowledge of Risk Models and Optimization algorithms.
Good working knowledge of Python and SQL.
Good to have: Machine learning, Exploratory data analysis, skills in Python.
Knowledge of AWS, Tableau and ML/ DL algorithms is a plus.
Morningstar employees are required to be fully vaccinated or submit to regular testing to work in any office. Morningstar’s vaccine policy may be modified to comply with evolving legal requirements and other changing circumstances.
036_MstarResearchLLC Morningstar Research Services LLC Legal Entity"}3.9}154
48}Health Actuary - Predictive Analytics}Smith Hanley Associates}https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AFSh24oII-wrYGs1pYTyJ1TKd4ecpciuINoXbfMdrqg8_6iaKclvOVCUmFohi4E2auWGW9pbtrS2hjEu8KshlTsXacgZF_9UI1XJhq4_kd37J6VMI5PZlDEYkXJU_8UMzY5Ch6ZZXYmwcII2yo8D7LISjLAOPVmoUTloIMt1kEyXP2J7T7_elbSESdBX2tEcF4bFM44cUzpJgrBI3AbCzf_l4HQJbKdtKEAQaXa9kwhf1lluoq5eWOUphyE6Om3rLQTJFVA_FCE-yPQ-1GwxXlGeQEeHG5kg5GTV_PSliXgcRtEizh85J4DFjbBJn15m9rH8BDzlwy1FZxAZR3eOFcQ00Zdq0LJrXZvm38YFesKOPoF4Cq06fVNKx_mW11kOqyQO7AlgKbf_6bCfTAp5R0Rb212R8YflnOpK072kxrBotFUVGa2dyDChYVQxJkNNmV-87hKVWSjc2UlYWIcZFC6t9vcQC5QhLfO-a63ixfcnadiH2l2q5xKuO16hQLy-jhmVQUdI_1Izjy-8-lBVVXgqLUH7kmegJFRzFJQUodUB7nrJceOfiU83ooeTspftIJloi4_uCir0fFLTlWnFRqUGQvQRUHKtKTjnn6RG7lJZBM1asCCagmeWtnz4yBIeGWzYgat2p1Y4_h1GzKd3Fmw46yYOfDtnnlNORnas_-B6g3tA4OpuFzwsAfZ_kd-Kq33SOI67coT7CnKpddrl3plx7i8jrBN8qxLNVJYG2mfiXyc3w5YLxI2Y12jNNs4FWCIbS2mIq2auW3zQWLOhbqG3-iN0cHC2qI5d29Y_XVrSbaunaIzkgraKd6PBK3cHTx_7Y-qjxYhAsN_1CMvSH3pvqgPEyhbDhgbseeWDifV9t6dCLBuOqxJWoHTX9g6c3BhIVKAEnHShST4TypCUkHo97XErHSFwaWgJr8ps1Brxku4pijxacO&p=48&fvj=0&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""ad449ca5-3dfe-4fdc-9c94-33d8c95d21a5"")>"}Remote in Chicago, IL 60606 60606}"Title: Health Actuary - Predictive Analytics
Salary: $165,000-$190,000 + Bonus
Level: ASA/FSA
Location: Chicago, IL or Remote

ACTUARIAL SUMMARY
Our health practice client is enhancing their expertise in the Advanced Analytics space. We are seeking experienced individuals to lead client projects with the development and implementation of data-driven advanced predictive models including population risk stratification, data mining and providing overall strategic insights to assist clients achieve their vision. This role will be hands-on with building and implementing predictive models for healthcare organizations with strong technical skills using SAS, SQL, R, Python, Power BI, etc.

Actuarial Work includes:
Predictive Modeling, Data Visualization, Dynamic Benchmarking
Understanding of Healthcare & Insurance claims analytics (SAS, R, Python)
ACA, Risk Adjustment, and Provider knowledge a plus
CMS / Medicare Advantage would also be of interest

Smith Hanley Associates takes pride in being the premier recruiting agency serving the actuarial industry. For over 30 years, we have served both clients and candidates with specialization in analytics and actuarial science. For more information, please visit our website at www.Smithhanley.com

2020RH"}4.2}19
49}Training and Placement in Java and QA}TechIntelli Solutions, Inc.}https://www.indeed.com/company/Techintelli-solutions-inc/jobs/Training-Placement-Java-QA-0f2c7f65983ebf6c?fccid=d31135313cb6354b&vjs=3}"<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session=""2db0358397677cceab4f49f327d8e405"", element=""f4df513f-978b-4ac2-b136-b23df69bbae7"")>"}Chicago, IL}"Hi,
Greetings from TechIntelli.
· We are hiring OPT/CPT, H4 EAD/L2 EAD, Green card and citizens
· TechIntelli will provide professional training by one of the top trainers from the industry.
· These training programs will last approximately 4 to 5 weeks.
· We are an E- Verified IT company
· We accept H1 transfers, E3 visas and TN visas
In case you are well trained in advance then we would help you with projects directly in your area of
Java Developer
Python
UI (Angular & React)
.NET Developer
DevOps Engineer
Data scientist
QA Automation Tester
Business Analyst
Data Engineer with Azure
Salesforce Developer
Network Security Engineer
Big data Developer and all technology's related to IT.
We have a strong and experienced marketing team assisting you throughout the marketing process and help you to get your next project with our established clients.
Benefits We Offer:
OPT Extension
H-1b, GC Sponsorship
Flexibility In Salary
On-Time Pay
Training & Placement
Aggressive Profile Marketing.
Highlights:
500 + IT Consultants within USA
60 In-house recruiters
Partnered with Cisco, State of TX, State of Virginia, State of Georgia, Tech M and many more Fortune Companies
Please Drop Me Your Updated Resume At divya.ganta@techintelliDOTcom OR Call Me On (214) 556-8339
Note: This Is For Only Consultants Who Reside In USA With Valid EAD.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $30.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Location: One location
Speak with the employer
+91 +1(214)-556-8339"}}
